come back to that community to be able to build a new house. A lot of the resources that were used by indigenous Australians are also biodegradable. So you build a structure or you build you shape a river with fish traps after a big flood that would wash away. After, you know, they would go through and burn the land. This would biodegrade. You know, they build a shelter and after a year, 2 years, 3 years, it would naturally decompose. And this is also where it's sustainable because they're not adding resources to the environment, which you know, we have now where it's like plastic doesn't biodegrade very easily. And we're seeing like litter in the environment, you know, whereas with indigenous communities, everything they used was able to break down, decompose. But on top of these concepts as well, environmentally indigenous people were super sustainable in the way that they lived. But they also had to have sustainability linked into their family structures, into how they navigated a society, right? Not everyone could hold all of the knowledge of everything. And this is where like the concept of indigenous totems comes into it. So for me, like as a koala girly, it's my responsibility to know everything that I can around koalas. Same for Minda. Her totem is emu. It's her responsibility or if she chooses to know as much as she can around the emu so that if people are like oh you know can we go harvest the emu eggs and then Minda would be the person in that community they'll be like no there's not enough you know we need the population to continue to grow or yeah there's an overabundance you know their population is too much on the environment yes we can harvest a few it actually be better and this is where this like sustainability of society and responsibilities kind of started to structure how they interacted to make sure that there was enough for people at all times. Mind, would you like to add anything before? >> I think you definitely covered like all of it very well. I love like how you're touching on essentially First Nations communities like we weren't static societies back in the day as much as I guess the media has portrayed us that way. You know, we were dynamic, adaptive, and deeply scientific in our own right. Like Theresa was saying, there were people in each community who it was their job to know everything they could about a certain aspect of everybody's else's day-to-day lives. And you can think of that in a way as like they were the people that held the PhDs back in those days and everyone had their own PhD. And so it's this idea of intergenerational knowledge exchange and that in itself is very sustainable because everyone has their own specific role. Everyone shares their knowledge as well. There aren't any gatekeepers back in the day because the moment you gatekeep your community starts getting sick. Things start going wrong. And so community in itself and sharing, being part of a collective really helped First Nations communities to thrive for as long as they had. I think one thing that I always like to use to summarize these certain things, particularly from my experience working in the industry is we tend to label things as, you know, western industrialized versus first nations cultural. And there's so many overlaps like that example I just gave of the PhD when we talk about sustainability right it's the biggest buzzword at the moment sustainability everybody's pro like promoting sustainability there are entire like marketplaces in the industry at the moment for sustainable practitioners and then when we go out to communities on our projects we're doing stakeholder engagement and we've got traditional custodians talking about caring for country all of a sudden that's labeled differently as though it isn't sustainability when in actual fact it's the same practice. Caring for country and being aware of what the natural world is telling us as human beings is inherently a sustainable practice. We have to observe and make inferences to understand what's going on around us. And these are the same practice. It's just we sometimes feel like we have to translate it but it's identical. It's just two sides of the same coin. But yeah, I think I can throw back to Titter for the next slide. I'll just check the chat for any questions. Oh, okay. We got one in the chat here. Oh, sorry, Titter. Cut you off. We do have one. >> Yeah, we'll go first. No, no. >> Yeah, cool. , we've got one. Yeah, question in chat which is from U Me and it says, "How and when do these totem get totems get designated? " That's a really great question and I think it just comes back to every single mob is different. There's over 250 different language groups across Australia and every single one of them can be broken down into your nations, your language groups, your family group, kinship groups and every single one of them is different and all of them have also been slightly differently impacted through colonization as well. And so cultural expression is different. I think too something that's really important to understand when we're having these conversations is culture isn't stagnated. It doesn't just it's not the same that it was 65,000 years ago, but the flavors are still there. You know what I mean? And so it's not about I guess giving something a label to make it easy to understand that everything is the same. Another thing if it's find out whose country you're on and another thing to take away from this is just to ask. If you are ever working in the industry and you are on a project where you are engaging with First Nations communities, do not assume. Do your research and then ask. It's the easiest way to avoid getting into those pickly situations where yeah, you've made an assumption and oh, it was the wrong one. , Theresa and I have definitely got a lot of examples of those that we'll share later. , but yeah, we've just got one more come through from Emma. This is a bit of a loaded question, but as a non-indigenous person, how can I go about educating friends, family, or pointing them in the right direction to understanding the importance of the topics in the discussions today? Did you want to jump in, Tid? >> Yeah, I just want to touch on the last question quickly and then definitely jump into that. So for me for example like I didn't find out what my personal totem the koala was until I was sort of until I was doing my honors actually at university and I think that was like 21 22 like 20 2122 and the reason is I feel like I feel like I you know I knew from my dad growing up the whole time that my dungatti culture was the praying mantis which I have tattooed on my arm. So, you know, I knew this totem from a very young girl that the Dungatti totem is a praying mantis. And, you know, my mom's side of the family is not indigenous, but you know, growing up and sharing my culture with my granddad and with, you know, he's had a mass he just loved magpies. Loved magpies. You go into his house and it is like a lot of it Collingwood memorabilia, but just so much memorabilia of magpies. Anything magpie coded, he has. Again, I also have a tattoo of magpie on my arm. But you know, so these two totems I knew my whole life growing up that you know, my non-indigenous side of the family. In my undergrad, I always I grew up on koala country. So bureauai countries has one of New South Wales's largest populations of koalas. And I just always felt so connected to this animal. I did my work placement at the koala hospital. My honors focus was on the koalas. I did a special topics at uni and it was it was on koalas. And through all of that sort of stuff, I started researching my family history. And my great-grandfather, King Benolong, he his people, the Gmbanga people, his their totem was the koala. And I was like, it makes sense. Like I feel like there's this cultural connection to things that people have. And like for me, it was like I was always affinated. I was always had a love for koalas. And it just made so much sense that I was pursuing a career of koalas without even knowing the cultural connection I had to it or my family. And then I was sitting with a beer pie and they said to me, they're like, "You're a koala girl. You