# VIDEO: Beyond Inclusion | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

It is difficult to pick a source of truth. However, it can all help to build your foundational understanding and your curiosity. That way, when you, you know, maybe you haven't actually met a First Nations person apart from Theresa and I today, and that's totally fine. Then, when you go and, you know, you bump into an auntie down at your first NOK week march or you just go to the reconciliation markets, you buy your first pair of, you know, woven earrings, like you've got something to talk about. Like, "Hey, like I read an article that says you can tell, you know, how many days of rain you're going to get because of how many black cockatos you can see. " Like, have you ever heard about that? You know, just drum up a bit of conversation cuz it's fascinating. It is fascinating. Like, learning about our environment and sustainability and how other people have discovered these things is why we kind of all went to university in the first place, I'd like to say, because we have a fascination for knowledge in that space. So don't let your fear of saying the wrong thing deter you from ever saying anything at all because it's the same with an acknowledgement of country. It is more respectful to try than to never do it at all. >> Yeah, I agree completely with that. And again like just reiterating so many indigenous people want to share this knowledge, want to be involved in these processes. And that's where it sort of takes us to the next slide, which is from consultation to collaboration. Mind, this is your area of expertise. >> This is this is another big one for sure. And like Theresa did touch on this a bit as well. So too often engagement with First Nations communities is tokenistic. It's consultation after decisions have already been made. And what comes into play there is consultation fatigue. So if I go back to the Western Sydney Aatropolis example, there is literally like I think maybe six or seven individuals, people, seven people that are considered traditional custodians of the Sydney area. That was once a thriving community of thousands is now down to seven descendants. And you think about how big Sydney is. Every single project that is happening in Western City at the moment has to consult with these seven individuals. Most of them have full-time jobs and a lot of them have historically not been paid for their time being engaged on these projects. And so consultation fatigue is a huge one. Often you'll find people who are just like, "What is the point in talking to me if you're not going to listen? " And so when you're going into projects with a legacy of distrust and wasted time, you do actually have to put in the groundwork and build up that respect. , and like what I said at the start of the lecture, , and I'm going to add to it a bit more is find your big three. So, who are the traditional custodians of the land you're on today or that you're living and working? Who are the traditional custodians of the place you were born? And even if you weren't born here in Australia, I will share a resource in a minute that has a map of indigenous countries from all over the world, which I only recently found and I think it's amazing. , and the other one is who are the traditional custodians of the place you feel most connected to. And when you similarly to how Theresa and I introduced ourselves to you, when you're in these meetings, if you introduce yourself in that way, you are creating a safe space. You are showing that you have done the work to find out and pay your respects to these traditional custodians. And it's also like not to be, you know, a little bit of a gilly girl about it, but it's a fun party trick, right? It's like, oh, I know all the traditional custodians of all the places I've been. Like, do you? Cuz it's, you know, learning languages, learning things that are different about us and the different places we've been. It's like, you know, learning the traditional name for a place or, you know, like locals effort, right? And so I think those things are all things that we can enjoy and engage in. , and so to go back to I guess consultation. So real collaboration starts early. If you ever get pulled on a project, and most of you will, you will all experience this. It is the worst thing in the world where like the engineers have already done up their designs, the architects are halfway through designing it, and they're like, "Oh my gosh, we actually legislated. We have to engage with traditional custodians. We don't even know who to talk to. " and all of a sudden you're like, "Oh gosh, now I have to go. " And you got to take it on the chin. You've got to go up to that auntie and uncle and be like, "Hey, sorry. You actually don't have a lot of input here. The design's already done. We're really just doing a tick the box here. " And it's going to suck. It's going to feel the worst ever. And all you can do is advocate internally in that space in your workplace. And the other thing that you can do is to be honest. If you go into those conversations and you manage people's expectations, you will get a better outcome and you will build a better relationship. If you go in promising the world when you know that all you're doing is ticking a box, then you are going to be liable and it's going to really suck. , and so yeah, collaboration starts early. It's ongoing and it's built on trust. It means co-designing projects, sharing decision-making power, and respecting cultural protocols. Now, you don't always have the power to do these things. I've definitely been on projects where I did not have the power to do it, and it was awful. But like I said, just be honest. If you're going into these conversations with traditional custodians, treat them like business people. Treat them like you would any other client. Hey, sorry, you know, this is where we are in our timeline. We need to hear back from you in two weeks time. You know, can we book something in? The answer is probably going to be no. Follow up. Is there anyone else we can talk to? Give traditional custodians the opportunity to delegate. They are stretched thin when it comes to talking about projects. Like, you really have to, I guess, get in that space of being proactive. If no one in your team is being proactive, you kind of have to wear that responsibility if your heart's in the right place. I mean, I know it's a lot of work. To me it's the bare minimum but we are where we are. I guess to share a few more examples like I said in my work I have seen the difference when engagement is done right communities feel heard projects are more resilient relationships last beyond the life of the project. I have some aunties and uncles that just ring me to have a yarn now or I'll see them down on the street and it's like hey aunt how you going blah you know it's not just a work thing anymore. , and it's also not just about good ethics and doing the right thing. It's actually leading practice and it's really good for business. If you think about just how much connecting with First Nations people has been in the media in the last few years, that is not going away. So if you can design, you know, a project or a business or a team where you have that in the forefront of your mind, you are absolutely going to be putting yourselves ahead and putting your resume far on top of the pile because clients are asking for this, government is asking for this, the Commonwealth is asking for this. It's not going away. As much as the media is doing its thing, it's still in conversation. And I guess to give you an example of where it has gone terribly wrong where people or projects and companies have not engaged you literally there is a very long list. It is what Google search away of traditional custodians taking companies to court because they have not engaged properly. They've got indigenous land use agreements or an ilua l I lua and they haven't done it. Riotinto is a perfect example. They were meant to talk with these communities. They were meant to pay communities royalties and the communities are aware of