or if you're Aboriginal, you know, they put it across everyone being the same or cultures the same. That's not the case. Each one of those communities you see on the IATS map is unique and is different to itself. And once we start breaking down and thinking of how much knowledge 65,000 years have, you know, we can start to sort of understand the complexity of Australia and how we can sort of use that knowledge going forward. So we're going to move on to the next slide just to sort of start setting the scene and sort of moving on to some of the more conversations around sustainable communities. Now, so one of the things I like to teach my students around is a concept of the anthroposine. And I'm not sure if you guys have touched it, but I studied at the University of Oxford last year and within the University of Ox there is a there are people cutting trees down outside. I don't know if you can hear that sound. >> Okay. >> Yeah. I can hear it and I was like, "Oh my god, please no. " Anyway, sorry. So, when I was studying at Oxford, I was doing a masters of philosophy over there and one of the things we were learning about is the concept of the anthropocine. And it's new and arising within the scientific in the environmental and the social norm. So we all maybe know what an epoch is. So basically an epoch is a state of time. So you've got the Jurassic period which would have been an epoch made up of different little layers that sort of help determine Austral sorry the world's history based on different geographical time scales. So we're currently in the hol seat which is where humans started to evolve to sort of come out of the trees if you believe in evolution obviously sort of started to come out of the trees to work and interact with the environ. And so what the discussions are having in Oxford at the moment and they were having when I was studying there is this concept called a new epoch called anthrocy and it's developed from the nation that people are starting to impact the world in such a unsustainable matter that we can't that we need a new eo we need a new geographical time to talk about how much impact we're having on the time and so the conversation the anthroposine is coming from anthropo which is like people when you think of like and are seen as like a new egg. So many discussions across the world will talk about you know when did the anthroposine start right did it start with the megapornal extinctions 50,000 years ago by indigenous people and hunter gatherer communities was it when communities transferred over to agricultural so when they were stop being sort of hunter gatherers and went into these agricultural communities is it when we started doing industrialization and we started having factories within our communities particularly over in western in the UK and Europe is it when we started to have the enlightened pyramid where we started separating ourselves from nature with this idea of cartisian jewel dualism that it's people and the environment are separate and not intertwined. Is it when we started to develop plastic or mine for crude oil and start mining for minerals or is it when the atom bomb sort of went off and this sort of changed our environments. So a big controversy around the concept anthroposy is that it puts the blame on every single person that lives in the world that we're all responsible for the degradation of the environment for living unsustainability unsustainably and for taking more than we need from the environment. And as an anti- capitalist girly, we love that a concept is called the capitalist scene which talks around that as our societies developed to follow capitalism, we also started to develop an unsustainable relationship with the environment and with nature and with ourselves. So a big conversation is around the correct naming of it. And so for me with this slide I kind of wanted to talk around with the growing of capitalism we started to see nature as a commodity rather than something that we lived with and we integrated with. And when you start to see nature and the environment as a commodity as something that we can take that we're above and that we have more that is used as a resource for us we start to have a problem because we start to live as though we are better than the rest of the environment than the rest of the natural world. We can take as much water as we want because we need that more. We need that water to sell it. You know, we can we can cut all these trees down in an ecosystem because we need the wood to build houses. You know, we can we can go and change land for agricultural needs so that we can start having, you know, these sources of food and not really think about the environmental degradation and the unsustainable practice of that because we are more interested in using it as a commodity. So for me I believe that and this is my opinion but I believe that we started to become an unsustainable communities across the world when we started to separate people as separate from nature because when you separate when you have this separation you again you use the land as though it's something that we can control and with that we're now seeing in around our time period now the flow on effects of that you know we have unhealthy rivers that people really can't go and drink in drink from. We're clearing land at such alarming rates that, you know, in Australia, we're within the period of a mass extin, the six mass extinction, you know, and this isn't sustainable. We have toxins in the air because we're like, oh no, we can we can have all of these , you know, this transport, you know, we can live unsustainably and it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. But the ideology of the way that we're living now comes from our euroentric sorts of ways of being. When we moved from living with nature to controlling nature with agriculture. When we moved to living in these townships with industrialization and being like no we want factories. We want to be able to mine the land for resources. When we started with the period of enlightenment where we was sort of seeing that we that God created human and that human was better than the rest of the environment. So these sorts of like values and morals have trickled its way throughout history and become the common norm. And when this has become the common norm, it means that our common way of living is unsustainable because again we're separate to the environment. It's something that we can use. And I don't believe in that and I feel like probably a lot of you don't believe in that with the subjects that we're doing. But again, this is the way that the environment is inherently understood in Australia and this is how our communities are living unsustainably. So it's it's just it's really important to think when we're trying to create a sustainable practice within Australia, how we can build and how we can utilize sustainability, it's important to think of where did these unsustainable practices come from. Because you can make all the changes you want now in our current period of time, but unless you understand the history of this or where this sorts have come from, like you need to be able to understand the problem to then solve the problem. Cuz you can try and solve the problem as much as you want, but without understanding the historical context and how normalized it is in our culture to be unsustainable, you're never going to be able to. You can try, but you know, to make real impacts, you've got to look back to look forward. , yeah. So the as we go on to the next slide, it will kind of make a little bit more sense of talking about this. But I just I just really want to keep in your mind the shift of society within, you know, within Europe, within England, who created sort of the world that we're living in today with colonization and think of that in context and relation with indigenous communities as well and how their different way of living and their morals and philosophies differ to how different communities are now present within our society. Ra, would you like to say anything? You're on mute to the girl. >> Nailed it. I knew I was going to get myself