Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the topic where we are going to cover today with our amazing guest speakers. They are going to be shortly with you and basically I'm going to be the host. My name is Bita and I'm coming from the school of science here at Swinburn University of Technology in Melbourne and we are going to have this topic beyond inclusion embedding first nation knowledge in sustainable community design whether you are one of the students in our unit built and sustainable communities or whether you are passionate about this topic. So this is a place for you and you are welcome to join us to this dialogue. So we hope to have maybe a short Q&A at the end but we I would like to consider this starting point for our topic and session and I would like to pass to Teresa and Miranda so they can also go to the acknowledgement of the country. Thank you so much Teresa and Miranda for accepting our invitation. Very excited to be part of this dialogue. Thank you. >> Hello everyone. Good afternoon. So I'm Teresa. So today we're going to be talking about beyond inclusion and embedding first nations knowledge into sustainable community design. And that's we're basically going to touch over what it in what country was like for 65,000 years prior to invasion and how we can use some of that knowledge and bring that sort of focus of sustainable community into sort of the contemporary societies we're currently living in. Awesome. I'm going to jump on and give an acknowledgement of country. And then after I do that, I'm going to give you just a little couple of fun facts and tips and tricks about giving acknowledgement to country just before we jump into the rest of the lecture just because I know that it's a really important part of all of our reconciliation journeys. So without further ado, I'd like to acknowledge the Gimmo, Walabar, Yandingi, Yurangji, and Jabagai people as the traditional custodians of the land that I'm speaking to you from today. I'd like to pay my respects to elders past, present, and our emerging leaders and extend that acknowledgement to traditional custodians of all of the lands you're dialing in from. I'd like to acknowledge the Murray, the Koreies, the Nunga, the Alongu, the Nanga, the Palawa, and our Toristra Islander brothers and sisters. I'd like to acknowledge the sea, the sky, the forest, the scrub, and the lands that tell our stories. I'd like to acknowledge the dreaming and our ancestors and as Theresa said, the 65,000 years of history we have on this great continent. I'd like to acknowledge indigenous peoples from all over the world and also our non-indigenous brothers and sisters for we are all children of mother earth and the future is ours to shape. Maraba, thank you. Always was, always will be Aboriginal land. Now to jump into some fun facts. What is an acknowledgement of country? And why do you hear the term welcome to country? This is always one of those things where it's, you know, kind of like the big fun fact, but it also can leave people really confused, right? So acknowledgements of country can be done by anybody from anywhere around the world at any time. Acknowledgements are a great way to show respect and break down some of those barriers when you're speaking with First Nations peoples or you're out on country. It's about, you know, I can't walk into Theresa's house and be like, "This is my house. I can acknowledge that it's Theresa's house, though. " Whereas a welcome to country is something that is purely reserved for the traditional custodians of the lands that they are from. So, as you can see, I just gave an acknowledgement of country because I am not from the lands up here in Can's Gimmo Finals, Queensland. However, if I was down in Tamworth, which you will learn a bit more about me shortly, I could give a welcome to country because those are the lands that I'm traditionally from. , I so acknowledgement of countries, they're not just formalities either. And like I said, it's a practice of respect and recognition and responsibility. Particularly in sustainability work. It reminds us that we're operating on lands that have been cared for by indigenous peoples for tens of thousands of years. It's a moment to pause and reflect on those knowledge systems we're drawing from. It's a moment saying, "Look at me reading my notes and getting all confused already. " >> , and whose sovereignty we must honor. So, when we're working with First Nations communities, this acknowledgement is the beginning of relationship building. It signals that we are listening, that we are accountable, and that we understand our place in a much deeper story. Now, how do you know whose country you're on? It's a really big question, and again, people can get really confused and it can get quite intimidating. Just Google it. Just Google it. Google is a powerful tool, and it's about time we use it. Sometimes there's so much information out there, it can get confusing. A good tip that I have is check your local council websites. Usually they will have a reconciliation action plan and part of that is to identify who the traditional custodians are and if they don't have them there are loads of different resources out there. So I would encourage you all if there's one thing you take out of this session it is to go and find out who the traditional custodians are of the land that you are on today. And I will throw back to Theresa I think in our next slide or actually it might still be with me for our introductions. Is okay. Still with me and then I'll throw to my titties. So, now that I've just yapped your ear off for a good minute and a half, who am I? My name is Miranda. I'm a proud Camilaroy woman with cultural connections to the Kuma and Yod nations. So, my mob are all down northern New South Wales, southern Queensland. However, like I said, I'm speaking to you from Gimmoy up here in Cann's far north Queensland. , I grew up in a really remote community up in the Gulf of Carparia. And so sustainable communities say is something very close to my heart because my little town had a population of about 600 people on a good day and often projects would just happen to us and we weren't necessarily informed in the conversation. I'm also an environmental scientist and indigenous stakeholder engagement consultant by trade. So I've worked in the industry for the past 5 years and now I'm in a new role as the tertiary program manager for the young indigenous women in STEM Academy. And that's me. I'll throw to titty girl Theresa. Hello everyone. , I'm Teresa. I'm Theresa Cochran. I'm a Dangi Gumbanga woman from the east coast of New South Wales. , but I have strong cultural connections to Birupa country, the land that I grew up on for the most of my life. And I also have strong cultural connections to Banelan country, which is the country that I'd like to acknowledge that I'm joining from and that I've will live on for the next month while I'm over on the east coast. So, I am a full-blown academic my whole life. I have just been in university from the moment I left school. I love everything to do with STEM. I love I love everything to do with the koala. So the koala is my totem species and it's the animal that I'm dedicating my career to sort of understanding. And the koala is what inherently connects me to the environment and to nature around. So as we talk a little bit more and we go into some of the later slides, we'll discuss the importance of sort of totem species and research and how they can help to connect people to community but also connect people to more sustainable practices by understanding the ecology of the land that they're growing up on. Yeah, so I work as a first nations researcher at Charles University. But I am also a PhD student at the moment and this is sort of one of the areas that is I'm really passionate about. Academy and Mirinda often sort of have these discussions because we come from different sides of the same spectrum of knowledge of like you know she's got the more stakeholder engagement the practical application whereas I come very much from the theory so you'll get a good mixture of like science from both how this actually can apply academically but then also how this comply can apply on the ground when you're working with community. So some housekeeping around the