he his people, the Gmbanga people, his their totem was the koala. And I was like, it makes sense. Like I feel like there's this cultural connection to things that people have. And like for me, it was like I was always affinated. I was always had a love for koalas. And it just made so much sense that I was pursuing a career of koalas without even knowing the cultural connection I had to it or my family. And then I was sitting with a beer pie and they said to me, they're like, "You're a koala girl. You know that. " I was like, "Oh, really? " And they're like, "No, really, like I feel like that's your personal totem. I feel like you are going to spend your life saving the koalas whether you knew that you had that connection to it or not. " And I think that's sort of how I got my totem. And I know a lot of people, a few indigenous people will just like will go and interact with this animal and maybe they'll see they'll go for walks and they'll see heaps of cuckabaras and they'll be cuckabar is always following you. That's probably your totem, you know. So like again like I feel like it's this two-way relationship with country and with the environment that people have and I'm going to talk about that in the next slide a little bit. , as for the second question about having these discussions with your family and friends, I think it's really hard with the way that the Australian community and the Australian curriculum within schools has sort of I don't want to say brainwashed, but has sort of developed people's way of understanding the world. And particularly within Australia, a lot of people, particularly the older generations, have grown up with a culture that is sort of saying like, you know, we came here, this is our country. And obviously, yes, like it is everyone's country in some sense, but I feel like there's this like what is taught to us and a lot of myths are taught in high school and primary school and even into older age education around indigenous people's relationship to the land. And I think one of the best ways to sort of is to empower people. Be like, "Hey guys, we have the oldest living community and culture in the world. They have 65,000 years of knowledge. " Like if your family is farmer mob, like they love farming and cultivating crops. Like there is so much power to using indigenous knowledge to help ensure that their practices are actually designed for the land and can actually you know help you know so many Australian native crops and indigenous native crops are pest resistant to pesticides because they're used to it take less water as well so you don't have to be buying hundreds of liters of water because they're designed for the climate you know they some of them are even healthier than for the body because they're not as processed and they can make a lot of the same food. Like I know so many native grains that are used exactly the same way that flour is, you know, but it's like this knowledge that people just don't want to hear. But when you sort of empower people to be like, hey, this is like something that's so incredible for us and is so welld designed for our country. Why are we not engaging with it? Like why are we not engaging with practices that can sort of make our society, you know, more sustainable but then also have more benefits in return. Munda, do you want to speak to that? >> Yeah, I did just pop, I guess, a little like quick answer in the chat, but I think too one thing that's really important to note and it's something it's a transferable skill every single one of you on the call has. You just don't realize it yet. So we are where we were 30 years ago talking about sustainability is where we are right now talking about engaging with First Nations people. So every single one of you have probably heard the term oh you're a tree hugger you're never going to get a do you're never going to get a job with that degree like you know environment this environment that blah. How do you approach those conversations when your family members bring them up? We all live here. We this we've only got one planet you know using those particular skills and then just being like hey you know I sat in on a lecture we talked about this did you know or finding things that you enjoy about sharing and engaging with first nations culture and coming at it from a place of enjoyment because some people can absolutely get defensive when they don't know things and so Theresa and I have pretty much dedicated our entire professional careers to educating people around First Nations topics And people who are in this call, you're in here because you wanted to learn. Not everybody does. And so you kind of have to approach individuals with their level of, I guess, reciprocity. Like, are you talking to a brick wall? Are you going to win that fight? Are you going to show someone a piece of music by a First Nation artist and they're going to listen to it and love it, or are they just going to be like, I'm going to listen to that? Like, it's really about picking the places that you want to spend your energy. Theres and I have had so many really difficult conversations with big heavy hitters across Australia and we're not willing to back down from those. But when it's your first time being like, "Oh, you know, I want to engage in this and I don't know how. " Don't put the weight of your world on your shoulders because we need our allies to be in this fight as much as we can. And so take a sustainable approach to that. If yeah, this whole thing is going to be about sustainability. Whether it's the built environment, whether it's your mental health, whether it's advocacy, sustainability 100% comes into play. So, really great question. Hope that helped. >> And I think too, I think Miranda sort of touched on it earlier around how so we've all seen the indigenous map of Australia and this sort of links into the sustainable community. So each of those different countries, and I wish I had it up on the screen, but each of those indigenous countries have their own set of laws, have their own set of ways of knowing, being, and doing, and how they lived on the land. The stuff that would work for, say, the East Coast mob, like a Dangi girl, like I grew up on coastal country with a completely different ecosystem, set of animals to where Minda grew up on Gimway country. You know, I my whole life never seen a crocodile. Crocodile is her country. Like we don't have the same understanding because we're so we have different laws, different stories, different ways of interacting with the environment, different ways of interacting with ourselves. You go across to another country like another indigenous country in Northern Territory or on Western Australia in desert mob, they've got different plans, they've got different systems, they've got different ways of living that is so unique to them, a different language. And the way that we like to explain it is when you see that map, just think of that map as the map of Europe. Every single country, France, Italy, Germany, all of those countries, it's it's the same in Australia. All of them have their own language, they have their own plants, they have their own culture, they have their own foods, they have their own ways of living sustainably, you know, and that is determined on what is present in the environment, you know. And if you think about Australia like that, then it will allow you to sort of understand the uniqueness of all of these cultures because I think one of the big things that happens is indigenous Australians are often put across or if you're Aboriginal, you know, they put it across everyone being the same or cultures the same. That's not the case. Each one of those communities you see on the IATS map is unique and is different to itself. And once we start breaking down and thinking of how much knowledge 65,000 years have, you know, we can start to sort of understand the complexity of Australia and how we can sort of use that knowledge going forward. So we're going to move on to the next slide just to sort of start setting the scene and sort of