then it's going to have better impacts in the future. It might not be seen in 5 years, 10 years, but in 20 years, in 30 years, it'll be big. It'll be the common norm of what we're doing. >> Totally. So, moving on. >> Yeah, I was just going to jump into that. I am mindful of time. We've got three sides left and I think if we try to like rush through these in like >> 15 20 minutes, so save all your questions for the end and then we'll jump into the questions. Cuz yeah, we've got case studies, holistic approach, and then pathways forward to go. >> Yep. >> Think I'm up first. True. Look at me running things and then not running it. Awesome. So, yeah, in the planning and approval space, I've worked on projects where engagement was mandated. So, again, like I was saying, Commonwealth is asking for it, state legislation is asking for it, but that doesn't always mean that it's going to be meaningful. And so, I've seen how rushed timelines and really bad communication can completely erode trust. And I've also worked on projects where traditional custodians were involved from the start shaping environmental strategies that honored both science and culture. Now to share two really quick examples. One that was really good surprisingly and the other one that was really bad surprisingly just to show you a bit of like what to expect I guess. So Theresa and I touch on a little bit when it comes to talking about I guess the socioeconomic impacts that are still being felt as a result of colonization. I was engaged to work on a project in a corrections precinct which is in a prison. Now Aboriginal tourist islander people are the most incarcerated people on planet earth which is in ridiculous. We make up less than 3% of the Australian population. That is a disgusting statistic. Now when you're working on a corrections precinct you have to walk into those reality of a lot of people go in and they never come out because they're not culturally safe spaces. They were never meant to be. They're awful spaces. And so when I started on this project, the people who I guess had kicked it off first prior to talking to me actually engaged the wrong traditional custodians. So they started to have conversations with the wrong group. Now when that happens, it can be a really embarrassing. It can sometimes be a costly issue because you've spent time talking to people. We were really lucky in the sense that this traditional custodian group was like, "Ah, hey you shouldn't be talking to us. You should be talking to them. " And we were like, "Our bad thank you for letting us know. " Went over, had a yarn, said, "Sorry, aunt. Spoke to the wrong mob. We're talking to you now. " They're like, "Yep, no worries. " And the traditional custodians we spoke to were actually so involved in the community and were so aware of the incarceration rates that they wanted to make a change and had been making a change for literally 10 years prior to this project where they had been working in the corrections precinct running culturally appropriate programs to rehabilitate people. Now, one of the uncles shared this amazing statistic where over the course of a year, he worked with 250 First Nations and non-first nations men who were in this precinct. So, 250 men across the board. And prior to him doing this program, there was like a 60 to 70% reoffense rate. When he ran this program for the first time in this first year, of the 250 men that he worked with, only one reaffended. Everyone else walked out of that correction precinct, bettered their lives, went back to their families, went back to their communities, made something of themselves. So, these sorts of programs worked. And when we were talking with these traditional custodians, they had such a good understanding of their programs and the positive impacts that they were having that they completely came to the table. They put aside all of the ickiness that comes with talking about corrections precincts and they were like, "Yes, we just want to fix this. We want to be part of the solution instead of everyone thinking we're contributing to the problem. And so we worked with them. We developed spaces that were able to facilitate their program better in this particular precinct. Unfortunately though, this was one of those cases where we did all this amazing engagement. We established really strong relationships and then the funding got cut because this was around the time of the referendum. And so we went back to those aunties and uncles and we said, "Look, we created something amazing here and we recognize the work that you're doing, but unfortunately for now this has been put on hold and it's been on hold for the last two years and now I've actually left that firm that I was working with. " , and they were it was just a regular Tuesday for them. They were like, "Yep, it happens. Thank you for your time. Thank you for listening. Thank you for paying us for our knowledge. " And so it ended up being a really positive experience despite not having the result that we wanted it to. Now, left of field, really, really bad example that should have been a really good one. AFL Australia, we worked with them over in the Northern Territory. The Northern Territory, AFL is the big sport over there. And it's kind of one of the big like tickets out of the territory for a lot of First Nations kids. There's so many programs throughout Northern Queensland as well and the Northern Territory where kids living in remote communities can get on scholarships to go to capital cities to get a good education because they're good at playing AFL. And so we were on a project to basically build five brand spanking new AFL fields in ridiculously remote communities in the Northern Territory. And we thought, this is brilliant. This is great. This is going to be such an amazing project. We're going to have such really, really good impacts. And then I remember in our very first kickoff meeting with the client, they said, "Oh, last time we went out to community, we asked them if they wanted solar panel gen solar panel scoreboards so that they didn't have to use all the electricity to run scoreboards. " And the community said no. So this time we're just not going to ask. We're just going to do it. And I was like, "Oh my goodness, what do you mean? No. " And so we had to rein that client back in super quick. Were like, "No, you still need to talk to these communities. You need to talk to them. " And but by that point, the what was it? The goose was already cooked. Like the client just didn't want to buy of it. We made sure we were talking to these communities at the bare minimum. We were calling. We were having online Zoom sessions. We were trying our hardest to get out in person. We couldn't, but we still made contact. We still made sure the communities knew about it. And unfortunately, the experience of those communities was pretty much indicative of their relationship with AFL. And that was really upsetting. But you can't win them all. And what we did do though is provided the client with a humongous recommendations list for future projects. And sometimes that's all you can do is be like, "Hey, you gam better. This is what we would recommend. " , but yes, I've yapped for quite a bit. So I'll throw it to Theresa. >> Yeah. So again, I have been a university student since 2018. My whole life pretty much. Actually, it's way longer than that. It was 2015, like 10 years. Just been in university, never left. We love that for me. , so basically my experience around collaboration with and sustainable community buildings comes from a really theoretical base within my research and some of the issues that I've struggled with my supervisors. If any of you go into research, I cannot emphasize enough how important it is to know your supervisors and know that they respect where you're coming from with the research that you're doing. So, one of my supervisors in my honors years, , I had a lot of trouble with because it was sort of a space where I was really starting to engage with indigenous methodologies, indigenous research practices, and really wanting to bring indigenous cultural practices to the communities that I was working with. So my honors research was around understanding koala diet selection and eucalyptus foliage chemistry and understanding that