sustainable. Like that's not going to have the outcomes that people want. Like that's and I love that example so much. And I think as scientists sometimes we do come in and we think we know best. We know better than what community knows. And that's that's never the case. We never do. You can read as much as you want. And this is where it's nice talking with Mood. Like cuz I can read as much as I want about an ecosystem or a community, but like I'm never going to know unless I go to that community or I go to that ecosystem and I spend that time actually learning and understanding. And then once you have all of that knowledge, that data, and you create those relationships, then you have a sustainable practice. , and I guess one of the things like while engagement with First Nations people is important, I think it just extends to every community, right? Like I know that in my town growing up, they had we had these massive beautiful fig trees in the middle of the road, right? Like they created so much shade. They had these birds would just live and thrive in them, right? And I think the council once wanted to cut them down so that they could put more car parks. And the whole community came together and were like, "No, like we actually want to keep these trees because they shade everything. They bring these birds in times of spring. " Like, you know, it makes the community feel more connected and people everywhere, all different walks of life were coming and protesting to have these strict trees stay. And then they're like, "Okay, well, we need more car parks. What can we do? " And so the community came together and was like, "Oh, no one really uses this area over here. Maybe we turn that into a car park. " And they did. And the community was so much happier because they actually listened and, you know, it was bird watchers. It was the local like ladies knitting group that would sit in the park and look at these trees and watch the birds while like they were knitting like the country women's association. And it makes it more sustainable because you have people that are actively happy with the engagement. And when you engage with something, yeah, it becomes more sustainable. There's so many questions and chats. Peter, do you want to go first? >> Oh, thank you so much. I didn't want to stop you because I love what I'm hearing and I don't want to talk about it, but I just love what our students mention. So, we are very connected. I know that I am immigrant to the country. So I love hearing those facts and that indigenous knowledge that it's actually about caring the lands and it's kind of a pure connection. But I guess I want to emphasize we really we are very keen to know if you know there are some sources that we can access to that knowledge because you I know that through your connection that storytelling and active listening it was part of this kind of conversation for you to come and bring that passion to your do you know your u I think your talk. So I just want to know please if you have any resources that our students and myself we can access because they have we I am running a competition where students coming with a 4minut storytelling with the impact. What would be better than those storytelling that indigenous knowledge that can come and merge with the science or the environmental science. So what would be the story like amazing story that you as a student can come and showcase to make that awareness let's make it infectious you know this passion this storytelling should be infectious so that's why I want to give that I just didn't want to disturb but I just want to emphasize we really love to hear what are the sources that you think that we and students we can work and I'm keen to work with the students on their project on their essays to make this 4minut storytelling video which is an annual competition every year we have two of them at swimburn that's what I can do that's what I'm keen to do so yeah thank you so much >> I think Marina will definitely have a lot to yan about this because her job is stakeholder engagement I think part of indigenous stakeholder engagement I think part of like I don't know what it is within society, but I think there is this like and this is speaking bluntly, but I think there is like this separation between indigenous and non-indigenous people where like indigen I mean not from what I've understand in the conversations I've had with students at uni and sort of stuff like that is like indigenous people are just it sounds weird to say but indigenous people are just people like everyone right like they want to share this knowledge like they want people to engage with these knowledge and these systems you know and you There are local events can just go ahead and attend and make those connections. Like you would make connections with anyone, right? Like say you're doing a research project with the local birders in a park near your house. Like you would go and find their resources online. You would go and meet with them. You would go have a conversation. It's the same with indigenous people. Like especially in New South Wales, we have local Aboriginal land councils. I'm not sure what states everyone is from. And I don't know if Victoria has this, but indigenous people want this knowledge that can be shared to be shared. They want to be collaborated with. They want people to, you know, we have all of this knowledge and all of these ways of knowing, being, and doing. And we're so empowered to bring this forward and to share with community and make this difference on country in our communities. And there should you guys shouldn't feel discouraged to do that. Yes, you're going to make mistakes. I've made mistakes with traditional owners and elders that I've known for years and years and years where I've had one rouse at me and get angry because I did something incorrect. But we're all going to make mistakes because we're all on our own journeys, you know. And don't, as Ma said at the beginning, like don't let that discourage you from engaging with community. The more you engage, the more they know your face, the more you build that trust and rapport, the more that they're going to share with you. You know, you might be invited to attend some cultural events or a ranger group might be going out and being like, "Hey, like we've got a research idea that we'd really love an honor students to come and do, then you can go and do that with them, you know, because you've built up that trust and you've built up that rapport and you've built up that relationship. " >> Go to the girl. >> I was just spamming the chat with resources. And like yeah, basically to build off of what Theresa said, it's all about going on that learning journey, right? Like to be radical, honestly, the Australian education system as far as primary school and high school goes has absolutely failed all of us when it comes to teaching our young ones about First Nations history and our shared history. It's shared. There are parts of it that are dark. There are parts of it that are brilliant. There are parts that we can all be proud of. And so just finding what's out there, do a Google search like you know whether it's a dreaming story that you might like half remember from a time when you were a kid or just having a look on your local council websites or like Theresa said checking out the different indigenous lands council websites as well. Like there is so much information all over the internet and it's one of the things it's kind of like information overload, right? It is difficult to pick a source of truth. However, it can all help to build your foundational understanding and your curiosity. That way, when you, you know, maybe you haven't actually met a First Nations person apart from Theresa and I today, and that's totally fine. Then, when you go and, you know, you bump into an auntie down at your first NOK week march or you just go to the reconciliation markets, you buy your first pair of, you know, woven earrings, like you've got something to talk about. Like, "Hey, like I read an article that says