its thing, it's still in conversation. And I guess to give you an example of where it has gone terribly wrong where people or projects and companies have not engaged you literally there is a very long list. It is what Google search away of traditional custodians taking companies to court because they have not engaged properly. They've got indigenous land use agreements or an ilua l I lua and they haven't done it. Riotinto is a perfect example. They were meant to talk with these communities. They were meant to pay communities royalties and the communities are aware of that. We don't live in the day and age where you can just, you know, pull the carpet over people anymore. They know they're business people. They've got, you know, ABNs and all that stuff sorted out and they will take your company to court and you will be liable for that. So, just be a good person. Be a good person. That's all I can say. Don't make it worse when you're doing your projects. Just don't make it worse. , Tina, did you have anything to add before you jump to the next one? >> Yeah, definitely. I think for example, like a good way to frame it in your mind is say you live in a town and your council's like say a block or two blocks away the council's like we're going to build an airport there. You know, don't you think that you would want as someone who lives in that place who's going to be impacted by that change of building an airport? Do you not think that you would want to be a part of the conversations around is this something that should be suited here? Is this going to impact me? And a lot of the time like yeah as Minda was sort of saying a lot of the time like oh we've already made the decision to put the airport there. Sorry. You know like and to you to me that wouldn't be good enough. I was like where was like the council meeting? Where was the letter in the mailbox? Where was the discussion of me and my community coming together to be like actually that airport is way too close to our housings. Why don't we put it 5 to 10 kilometers out of town and be a part of, you know, designing and determining where that airport goes so that people are collaborating and not just being told, "No, it's going there. Sorry. " You know, so think about that when you think about indigenous communities because everywhere we live and interact with in Australia in the Toristra Islands is indigenous land. Every single place is country, every single place you live, you work, you interact with in Australia is indigenous land and they are stakeholders. They want to make sure that the area that's getting cleared for a housing development, it doesn't have sacred sites. There isn't an initiation site. People don't have a cultural connection to like oh instead of putting that housing development there where we have cultural connection to it. Why don't we put it over here in this area where that is an initiation site or that isn't like a birthing tree, right? Like let's just you know and when they work together and they feel respected and when anyone just gets to work together and feel respected, you're going to have better outcomes. And it's that shift from consultation top down telling us what is going to happen to collaboration that bottom up where we're involved. We can have a say and maybe we'll be more likely to understand these decisions because we're like, "Oh, actually there isn't really any place else we can put it. " You know what? Thank you for respecting me enough as a community member, as a First Nations person, as someone that lives in the area to share that knowledge with. , I'm just sure that you >> Yeah, I was just there's a couple of questions. I've answered one of them and we just had one more pop in. , my local town has started rebuilding the foreshore park car park area. Is it too late to make a change? Would it be helpful to send an email and ask their indigenous and native considerations? Oo, very good question. With local councils, especially in smaller towns, probably too late, but it can be too late to change that project, but it's not too late to change future projects. And so, like I also answered a previous question around, I guess, using the word n for the traditional word for Melbourne and how it's become a bit of a buzzword and sometimes people feel it negatively now. , to me, like the bar is so low. We are so far behind when it comes to engaging with First Nations people and trying to I guess bring about systemic change. So every little crumb of a crawl that we can get is positive and it's good and it needs to happen. And so using NAM, even though people think it's silly, I just love the fact that it's like whether people look at it good or bad, it's starting a conversation about using traditional languages. And similarly, when we have projects that are already happening, they're under construction. They've been gone and been approved. By that point, it is way too late. Like big corporations, consultancies, the firm that, you know, designed the thing, they're not going to go and take changes because the community said no. Once they get to that point, it's going ahead. But by sending in an email and asking the question, you get someone's mind going. You get somebody to think about, oh, maybe in my next project I should bring this up because the community is asking for it. And if there's enough of us that keep asking the question, then they're going to have to listen. And that's, you know, the whole reason why we're having lectures like this today, like a lecture like this in sustainability probably wouldn't have happened 30 years ago relating to First Nations communities here in Australia. And it happened because we're asking the question, we're having the conversation. And that's how we make change. Think of it like a massive cruise ship, right? Tiny little like turns, we're not going to go very far, but over a really long point of time, we're going to make that bend and we're going to go around the curb. So, it's just about like progress is progress and we need to just keep on keeping on. But, T, do you have anything to say? >> And I think with that, too, progress needs to be sustainable. I think when we approach something and we're like we're going to go in and we're going to make all of these changes and it's going to be incredible. The gungho approach sometimes it works but a lot of the times people will burn out like they'll realize that they're b fighting battles that they can never win. But these small sustainable changes this these conversations with people in your workplace with family with thinking differently with sending these emails they slowly plant seeds in people's heads. They slowly make the change. And it's important as Miranda said to be at the beginning to like be sustainable in the way you're applying this and the way you're thinking cuz to be honest like in the capitalist scene that we sort of live in, sustainability isn't at the forefront of these decisions, right? We live in a world where people want commodity, they want capital, they want to use nature and these ecosystems as a resource, as the first priority. And being a lot of us are the minority in believing, hey, like we want to be sustainable, you know, we would rather have more trees in a national park than clear this land for a housing development. And it's having those conversations and being and being present and being the numbers where we actually do make these change. And a lot of little changes have a big change. And we're still going to be a society for years and years and years and years. And if we're making those moves now, then it's going to have better impacts in the future. It might not be seen in 5 years, 10 years, but in 20 years, in 30 years, it'll be big. It'll be the common norm of what we're doing. >> Totally. So, moving on. >> Yeah, I was just going to jump into that. I am mindful of time. We've got three sides left and I think if we try to like rush through these in like >> 15 20 minutes, so save all your questions for the end and then we'll jump into the questions. Cuz yeah, we've got