# VIDEO: Beyond Inclusion | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

we've ever worked on. So, the least we can do is talk to the people that are going to be experiencing those. , yeah. Anything to add, T? >> I think I don't know how much of you are like ecologists, but I imagine that you have an understanding of ecology. When you think of ecology and you think of an ecosystem and all of the complex interrelating relationships, you know, a treere's connection to the soil and the soil's connection to the water and the water's connection to the fish and the fish's connection to the insects and the insects connection to the birds and you know like all of this interrelating ecosystem and complexity is the same within human society and even human society's relationship with nature. And I mentioned that because when we talk about the complexities of culture, of environment, of social dimensions, it can be so much and it can be a lot. But when we take a step back instead of looking at a niche in society or a niche in sustainable community and we step back and we look at holistically like okay if I inter if I talk I want to do this in community. I want to create a park that uses native species for the planting so that we can have more birds, you know, that community can come and use. And when you engage with collaboration within these processes and you understand the holisticness and you take a step back, it's you're going to have better outcomes, right? You're going to be able to design something that everyone can benefit from. What does community actually need? Rather than knowing what they need, go and ask them what they need. Again, you're going to have better benefits. And I think it's so empowering to the communities, even indigenous but non-indigenous communities often are the last people at the table to have a discussion or to be in the discussion. And by bringing them to the first point, you're building a sustainable community that is going to want to integrate the methods that you want to change, that want to be in the conversation, that want to feel valued and want to feel respected. And again, like obviously through this subject and your learning, you'll have a lot of resources from probably other topics. And some of the topics that Miranda's been posting in the chat. But this is just the start, right? You could dedicate a whole degree to sustainable communities and obviously you're just doing one subject, but the I just feel like when I found a little bit when I first started environmental science where I was like, I just want to work with plants and animals. Like I don't you know, you know, I don't care about the people side of it. I just want to be with plants and animals. And I was like, "Yeah, but if I'm going to help the plants and animals, I have to engage with community because community and nature aren't separate. They're integrated. And what I do for nature is going to have an impact on people. And what I do with people is going to have an impact on the environment. And even there's a common thing that I find again it's changing but it's like that even within community and the complexity of it like there's often this separation between farmers and environmentalists and finding common ground between both of them and talking to both of them and collaborating with both of them. You know they're going to be like oh we both need water you know like for example I walk work within a water space like we both need water for your crops we need water for the plants. Let's work together to see how we can do that so we have a sustainable amount of water to use for resources rather than like no you just want to take all our water for the environment so we can't field our crops. It's like, no, no, no. That's that's not true. And when you have these conversations with different parties at the table, you realize, hey, we all want the same thing and how can we work together to do that so that we have better outcomes for everyone. And there's a lot of literature on that sustainable community, stakeholder engagement, obviously like how to engage with community, how to be respectful within community. That will really help sort of frame your mind because you can't do anything in the environment without people. And you can't do anything without people without the environment. So, we're just going to go to the last slide quickly about takeaway messages, but I think we've sort of talked about that as well. So, Miranda, if you want to. >> Yeah. Oh, I was just going to jump straight into some questions. We've got Melee again leading the charge with some great questions. She has asked, this is such a big question, by the way. How do you think the Australian education system impacts First Nations people? Do you think they cater adequately? I guess in my experience in high school and primary school that it was very euroentric western and not very facilitating but I also grew up in a pretty affluent area and then to follow on from that how do you think the pandemic affected these communities? Did you want to tackle it first ta? >> Yeah so a big part of my subject that I taught at my university was around changing the narrative in people's head and the knowledge that we just agree is correct. So I read this paper and it was said that colonization of the mind is sort of the societal norm within Australia and that's not a negative thing. I think our society is built off a colonizational framework and I think the ways of knowing and doing within our society is very based on like capitalism is very extractive is very take is very that and I guess I have noticed that it's changed a lot like I feel like we are seeing a shift where first nations people's understandings and ways of living and being are within our high schools when I went to school literally not the case at all like my uni my school didn't I lived in a very rural area. My school didn't teach anything about that. If anything, it was a lot of deficit narratives and that had a really negative impact on me personally and a lot of my friends and family because you know this is a place where I saw so much power in the knowledge and the understanding that we had and this you know if we engage with these communities we could have such better outcomes for everything but people weren't ready to have the conversation from feeling like oh if we engage with community people if we engage with indigenous people they'll make us move off our land and take it for themselves. No they won't. No they won't. That will never happen. We just want to make sure that instead of planting an invasive species that we're planting native species that can be used in the same resource and that's going to have better impacts for everyone. But people weren't ready to have these conversations. And you know I in the subject I taught at uni, we were sort of discussing that we need to decolonize our own mind, decolonize a lot of the narratives. Like I recommended, Dark Emu is a really, really good book that sort of challenges this notion of that indigenous people didn't live with the land and the way that they lived with the land was primitive, which wasn't the case. And that's often what we're taught. It's like, oh, they were hunter gatherers, you know, they didn't know how to farm, they didn't know how to do this, they didn't know how that yes they did. It was way more complex than we think. And I think it's our responsibility as adults when we leave these schooling systems and we come into our own education is to be lifelong learners and to sort of erase a lot of the colonizational mindset that we have in Australia. And when we do that and we read these resources and we engage with community and we think about these with the projects that we work with, then we realize like hey like this is going to be better for everyone because we're understanding the uniqueness and the diversity. To go. You want to go? >> Totally. I think yeah, massive questions and I guess reflecting on and not to put you on the spot, did I'm a little bit younger than Theresa, only slightly even though she reminds me every day that I'm a lot older. Even when I was at school. So I graduated