# VIDEO: Beyond Inclusion | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

a conversations of sustainability and we're having more people understanding these impacts and you know and sort of changing the narrative of this embedded Eurowestern society that has been the foundation of Australia and you know now we're sort of coming to a place where like people are listening like scientists are starting to realize, oh, if we do use like native species or if we do listen to indigenous people who understand how an ecosystem works, like we're going to have better ecosystems. We can't just plant a thousand eucalyptus species for a koala habitat. We have to we have to plant like acacas, we have to plant lefistammans, we have to plant different species that they actually eat, you know, we have to have ground cover. And once we have all of this, then we create a thriving ecosystem rather than just being like koalas eat eucalyptus. Let's plan a hundred of those because that's not sustainable, right? It's solving a problem, but then that problem will continue to perpetuate. , yes. Okay, let's move on to the next slide. Certain slides we will yarn for days. , and then I think this is you to the girl. >> Awesome. Thank you. All right, so like we were saying, colonization in Australia wasn't just about land theft. It was about redesigning the landscape to reflect European values. And I did pop a link in the chat to a series called Eat the Invaders, which is presented by Tony Armstrong. He's a brother and it's a great series that really talks to, I guess, the history of how we have changed the Australian landscape. So 10 out of 10 would recommend that. , and so planning systems were imposed without regard for existing cultural landscapes, sacred sites, or ecological knowledges. Roads, fences, and cities disrupted millennial year old relationships with country. But despite this, First Nations people have maintained cultural continuity, adapting and resisting through strength-based practices. Today, we have a chance to reimagine the built environment, not as something imposed, but as something as co-created with indigenous communities grounded in respect and reciprocity. And so, again, we have to understand the true history before we can make these properly informed decisions about how we create a more sustainable future. Do you have anything to add to that, T? Definitely. So again as I was saying before in the second slide, I feel like that was the last slide. When we think about how Europe has shifted as a community from hunter gatherer to agriculture to industrialized to the periods of enlightenment and so they their view of how a society should live and function is very built up buildings. Like when I went to Oxford, I was literally standing there in front of this building that was built in like 1,300, right? And I'm like, "Oh my god, this is like 750 years older than like my country. " Like I was like, you know what I mean? Like it was like this idea of these cities and these civilizations that have been around for hundreds of years longer than, you know, Australia has even been Australia in quotation marks has even been established, right? So when they came to Australia, the concept of Terranolius is that, oh, they're not using this land because, you know, they don't have buildings. They don't have agriculture like we're used to. You know, they're not mining the land and using the land as we do. And it's not that they weren't, it's just it looks different because their way of having a township in a city was having big structures, right? Is having farms set out with, as Miranda said, fences, right? And when you come here and you see a land that looks like a natural place that they're not that they're used to, of course they're going to have these views that it's you know they're not indigenous people aren't doing much with the land you know like so we can come and take these resources and you know and this sort of mentality was sort of inbuilt. It was just they didn't have an understanding of this cultural difference. And because they didn't have this understanding of the cultural difference, it sort of imposed that I guess western euroentric ways were superior ways of looking in like navigating. And what that meant through colonization is it disrupted how first nations people were able to interact with the land and how they were able to have these cultural practices. , yeah. I don't know if you want to add more to that. >> No, you nailed it. >> And I guess like within that space as well, like I often think like say even in Australia, like what is natural? Like when we think of a natural ecosystem, obviously you'll think of like a national park or you'll think of a I think a lot of people maybe not you guys I'm just making an assumption. Obviously I don't know this is factual for you guys but I think a lot of people often think that a natural area or a wilderness area is free from people and that's not incorrect like that is the mentality that has come from you know euroentric ways of knowing being that people are separate from the environment. You know to have a natural area we need to be separate from it. You know that people can't be living and interacting with it. You know that and that is where this separation of people in the environment is really detrimental because for 65,000 years indigenous people have been stewards of this country. You know a lot of our species germinate through fire. A lot of our seeds, a lot of our plants will need fire to actually to continue to live and to have their lifestyles. And when you remove these indigenous practices through particularly colonization, we're seeing detrimental sort of aspects of the environment, woody plant encroachment, you know, we're having severe bush fires because native burning isn't happening. And that sort of was the practice like fire is so important to our country. And when we don't maintain and sustainably burn these lands and environmentally steward these lands, then we're seeing these unsustainable practices and these unsustainable types of country and the environment. Yeah. So I think next slide. Oh, there's a question. >> yeah, I will probably talk about that at the end when we get to it. But thank you for that question actually. I would love to y about that. Very good question. >> , if I'm going to jump in on these ones, just prefacing that I can absolutely yabber on about these because it was literally my job for the last 5 years. , I did want to just throw back to what Theresa was saying with like the disconnect between humans and nature, right? And I think it's something very important that every single one of you that are doing this course, you feel something towards the environment. You feel a connection and that is something to be cherished. I think people often feel like they're not allowed to feel connected to country because it's been labeled as such a first nations thing and that is just society trying to turn us against each other. Humans through evolution have been connected to the environment. It is how we have survived and so you are absolutely 1,00 bazillion gazillion% meant to feel a connection to country. Every single one of us on this call has a special place in the world that is our place. Whether it's the beach, whether it's a field, whether it's a meadow, whatever it is, the only difference that we, I guess, give acknowledgement to when speaking about First Nations culture is here in Australia, First Nations people have custodianship of country. And that is the inherent fact that their ancestors for thousands and thousands of years have protected and cared for country. And so that is a layer of connection that no one here in Australia can have apart from first nations people. But you can absolutely have a very deep connection to country here in Australia. It's just not custodianship. So do not let the media divide you on that. Please. Now, to jump into this, and that little segue leads into this a lot, because when we're talking about engaging with First Nations community, particularly when you're in a job and you're going out, you're speaking with stakeholders, you've got a project, you know, you're juggling timelines and finances, and then you're speaking with people. Bring that back and remember that you're talking with people. It is not your job to be offended by what any auntie or uncle says. It is not your job to defend what they say colonization has done to their family or their culture or their community. It is your job to listen.