PhD student at the moment and this is sort of one of the areas that is I'm really passionate about. Academy and Mirinda often sort of have these discussions because we come from different sides of the same spectrum of knowledge of like you know she's got the more stakeholder engagement the practical application whereas I come very much from the theory so you'll get a good mixture of like science from both how this actually can apply academically but then also how this comply can apply on the ground when you're working with community. So some housekeeping around the presentation. So, we kind of want to shape this as a bit of a yarn through. We're going to go through about 11 slides and each of them are going to be topics that are going to grow on each other. But I think it's really important that you ask questions as we go. So, if you feel confident, put your hand up. If not, just type it in the chat and we'll try and engage with these answers and these questions before we move on to the next slides. This is just so that if you've got something, you know, we want to create this so the concepts can be adapted to the learning that you're doing in your subject or your interests as well. We also want to preface this. We might not have the answers to everything, but if we have something that we can't answer, then we'll try and find some resources and then send them to bitter to send out to you guys so you can have a little bit more of a look. Yeah, but we want to make this as engagement as engaging as possible and yeah, really tune this like presentation to you guys. So these are some of the topics that we're going to go over. The first one is talking about indigenous Australians as the old the world's oldest living sustainable community. And we're talking about this period prior to pre-colonization, pre 1788 and what that sort of looked like as sort of an introduction to how indigenous Australians are and continue to be the oldest living sustainable community. Then we'll move a little bit onto the anthroposine and the capital scene. And if you don't know what those topics mean, don't worry. I will definitely give you a bit of an overview and sort of so you can understand them and sort of how this societal shift happened within western communities particularly in England and Europe and how that sort of has a flow on effect onto how we view communities now particularly in Australia but also internationally across the world. Then we're going to move on to sort of setting the scene and how colonization and the built environment play a role in the communities we have and how this plays into if we're living in sustainable communities or not. And then we're going to move on more into the content. Why indigenous engagement matters in sustainability. How we can turn from being consult for how we can move from consultation to actually collaboration and actually be working with people and having them involved in the process rather than just adding them on at the end or adding them on as a stage. Again, we're going to go into some examples from industry and research so you can sort of see where this topic grounds within both of our case studies and then more of a holistic approach for community design and how Australia could use some of this knowledge to benefit us in the future and currently and then also pathways for you guys going forward that we believe could be some tips or some industry expertise on how you know we can create a more sustainable Australia going forward. So the slides are also going to be pretty boring just because we wanted to really engage with like the conversation. So if you guys do want to say anything at any point, please do. Like I know it's like oh I don't want to type anything. We actually really would like that so we can talk to topics and really get you engaged with the conversation. So to start indigenous Australians the world's oldest sustainable communities. For me, growing up as an indigenous woman my whole life and having the privilege of being out in the environment, a thing that I always was told is like indigenous people have been here for 65,000 years. You know, some evidence across Australia is pointing that to 120,000 years ago, but I guess the common most accepted answer is 65,000 years ago. So 65,000 years is an uncomprehendable amount of time, right? I feel like all through high school, we all grew up with ancient history, right? Ancient history. When's ancient history? When we think of ancient history, I particularly and from my education at high school, we think of the pyramids in ancient Egypt. That's ancient history. That's so long ago. How much has society changed from ancient from the pyramids being built to where we are now. And I want to let you know that's about like 5 to 6,000 years old. 5 to 6,000 years. That is such a long time in response to what ancient history now add like 55,000 years like in on top of that is how long indigenous people historically and through archeological evidence have been on Australia. So if you think of oh my god how much has Egypt changed how much has the world changed in 5,000 years from ancient history like and how much knowledge have we have we developed how quickly has society moved how much practice and living with the land indigenous people have done now think of that at like 65,000 years right every single day waking up you're in the you're in the bush you're on country you know you're going down to a river system you know you're seeing the clouds change at certain times of the day and knowing if it's going to rain in 3 days, if it's going to rain in 10 minutes, if it's going to rain in a month. So, indigenous people relied solely off country and for 65,000 years. Like, I just want you to really I keep reiterating that because to me, it's just an unfathomable amount of time. And even I'm not sure where you guys are in your degree, if it's your first year, second year, third year. How much have you learned since, you know, since the beginning of high school? How much have you learned since you've started your degree? So much. Imagine that as a catalog of knowledge for 65,000 years, right? And so the thing about living with the environment and living on country and living within like with within this environmental space for so long is you can't take more than you need. And this is where the idea of sustainability comes from. If you go and you're like, oh, if we harvest too much of this crop, cuz indigenous Australians as prior to the beliefs were agriculturalists, they were horiculturalists. They did manipulate the land in similar forms to sort of live with it and to have enough resources. I would recommend everyone reading the book dark emu by Bruce Pasco. It really does introduce you to some of the myths around how indigenous people lived and I will talk about that a lot in the next slide. But you know, so you know, they knew that if they harvested too many kangaroos in summer or spring that next year they wouldn't be enough and that the environment would be impacted by that, that they wouldn't have enough food source and maybe they would go hungry. So when you live with something for so long and you rely on it every single day to live and to survive and to thrive, you have to make sure that what you're doing is sustainable. And this is where it comes the concept of the oldest the world's oldest sustainable community cuz again they harvest too much they're going to starve. They take too much I don't know cut too many trees down they're not going to have enough shade next year or they're not going to have enough for when they come back to that community to be able to build a new house. A lot of the resources that were used by indigenous Australians are also biodegradable. So you build a structure or you build you shape a river with fish traps after a big flood that would wash away. After, you know, they would go through and burn the land. This would biodegrade. You know, they build a shelter and after a year, 2 years, 3 years, it would naturally decompose. And this is also where it's sustainable because they're not adding resources to the environment, which you know,