we read these resources and we engage with community and we think about these with the projects that we work with, then we realize like hey like this is going to be better for everyone because we're understanding the uniqueness and the diversity. To go. You want to go? >> Totally. I think yeah, massive questions and I guess reflecting on and not to put you on the spot, did I'm a little bit younger than Theresa, only slightly even though she reminds me every day that I'm a lot older. Even when I was at school. So I graduated high school in 2017 and even then my schooling I grew up in a regional area and like my primary school I went to school in an Aboriginal community and there's bugger all in the curriculum. I think that's slowly changing. However, the change is entirely on the shoulders of passionate teachers. Teachers who have a passion in this space who are trying to educate students. It starts in the home. If you have, you know, you have your own kids, you got nieces and nephews, you've got friends with kids, and you know, you hear someone say something that's just off tap, like, call them out. You know, we're trying to create change, and it's not going to happen if our youngest generation coming through are learning that it's okay to say certain things or that, you know, engaging with First Nations people is scary and it's something that, you know, it's divisive, which is ridiculous. You know, it's about just engaging with our shared history. It's fascinating. Learning about how we've all walked this earth together is so entertaining. And there's media and music and artwork that tells these stories. , and so I think absolutely the education system fails all of us in that respect. And it's absolutely not targeted at First Nations children. There are some amazing things being done. I actually recently went to an independent school which was entirely operated by a local ranger program. All of the rangers had teaching degrees and they decided to open a school and so they have outside classrooms. 80% of their student population are indigenous and they have entirely changed the curriculum to still embed everything the curriculum needs but focusing on like cultural justness and being yourselves and learning about each other. I think also to your second question, the pandemic totally affected these communities and it was interesting. I know here in Canes, we have a local indigenous community around the corner called Yaraba and they were barricaded out. They had like armed forces at the crossroads being like, "You cannot come into this community because we are protecting them. They are a vulnerable community. " Yes, this is true, but that goes back to the Indigenous Protection Act, locking people up to protect them. It's like there's vulnerable and then there's controlled. And I think the pandemic absolutely impacted these communities because again low socio low socioeconomic communities. Many people felt isolated. They didn't have you know the education to understand what was misinformation versus what was fact. So people were very scared. People were very lonely. And I think it all boils back to that education is key. Conversation is key. If we walk together, we can start bringing up our medium at the moment. It's, you know, if rock bottom had a basement, that's kind of where we're at sometimes. And so I think by engaging in this sort of stuff and being excited about it and sharing it with your friends or going to Nadok week celebrations and just being a part of that shared collective pride that we should all have for walking together with one of the oldest generation the oldest sorry cultures in the world is you know that's a privilege a lot of people in the world don't actually get. So I would definitely you know put it up there. I can see bits you've got your hand up so I'll stop talking. >> No, thank you so much. Thank you so much. I actually have another lecture start in 10 minutes in the other side of the campus. It takes about 10 minutes for me to just reach there. I didn't want to stop you because it was lovely to have you on board. You're talking about the passion. You're talking about education. You're talking about whatever we are doing in any roles that we are in as a student, as a leader, as a educator, with any nationality, we do care, we should care about the land and that is about anything that we can do which can make us a small piece of this kind of role that we can inspire our community members. So I think this was just the beginning of our connection with Teresa and Miranda. I am going from my beat of I think if I consider a role I'm going to invite them every year to this unit to this do you know lecture and we come to brainstorm and we come to inspire our students that they have a powerful voice to go to the council to the community to anywhere you are going to you know talk about all the diff like all the different projects that you might be interested or passion. So if there are something that needs to be considered I tell my internship students go to the workplace find out what is their ethical practice. If there are something missing you need to come up with a piet ways that you know this is professional needs to be considered. So I think this is the starting of a great work that we can do together to care and to protect our land. So thank you so much to Teresa and Miranda and all the passionate students all the lovely amazing questions that has been raised. We are going to work on unpacking some of the project and we might invite you to be witness of some of the projects and some of the brainstorming. Thank you so much everyone. >> Amazing. >> Thank you so much. >> Connect with us on LinkedIn. We will keep talking. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. >> Thank you so much. See you everyone.