of talking about this. But I just I just really want to keep in your mind the shift of society within, you know, within Europe, within England, who created sort of the world that we're living in today with colonization and think of that in context and relation with indigenous communities as well and how their different way of living and their morals and philosophies differ to how different communities are now present within our society. Ra, would you like to say anything? You're on mute to the girl. >> Nailed it. I knew I was going to get myself with the mute button at least once. Yeah, I guess just to sum it all up in a nice little package, even though Teddy, you did an amazing job and honestly I was kind of listening to learn to be honest with you. You can sort of look at it in a way that before invasion Euro Western societies were already shifting towards industrial industrialization, enclosure and resource commodification. So understanding this history helps us to reframe sustainability, not as a neutral concept, but one that's been shaped by power and profit and dispossession. And I want to make it very clear that everything Theresa and I are talking about in this setting, it's not about guilt. It's not about blaming anybody. It's about clarity and the opportunity to do better. So we can't actually move forward and make informed decisions if we're refusing to acknowledge what's actually happened previously. And that leads me into Me's also asked another incredible question which I'm not going to lie, Theresa and I could literally talk about this for hours so we'll try to keep our answers kind of short. And so she's asked how has the introduction of foreign organisms especially plant and fungi affected Australia's native ecology? That's a huge one. It's honestly the impacts are surreal particularly in places where we have our major capital cities for example. So to give you a industry example I worked quite a bit on the Sydney Aeratropolis project. So they're basically building a new Sydney west of Sydney to facilitate a new international airport. And in the conversations with traditional custodians in Sydney, which relates to your question, there's only a few of them. There's not a very big population of First Nations people. That are traditional custodians of Sydney because they were kind of like D-Day of invasion. And they're very aware that basically the ecosystem as their ancestors knew it no longer exists because Sydney has been so developed and even as sustainability has evolved itself where we used to go from let's just plant trees. Planting trees is going to fix things. Now we know you have to plant specific trees that are native to a particular area in order to facilitate the ecological regrowth of those ecosystems. And so traditional custodians are very aware that in certain pockets of Australia, the original fauna and flora no longer exists. And so it's about doing that reflective practice of what did it used to look like? How can we get it back to as close as practically possible? And these sorts of projects obviously have financial and timeline constraints that make it very difficult. But yes, basically the impact has been huge in particular areas. That is not to say to lose hope because as the industry and as academia evolves, obviously we can look further and further into the past to infer what you know life would have been like prior to the impacts that we now have. Titter, I know you probably want some two cents in that. >> I do. So one of the really when I think about introduced species I think of it from a euro euroentric again a euroentric sort of mindset. A lot of the ways in which these which native which invasive species have been introduced into Australia are not done intentionally right. So where I don't know if you guys know the invasive species Lantana horrific for the environment because it's a shrub that grows and it's thick bushy shrub that suppresses the growth of native species underneath because they don't get enough sunlight. Right? So this was introduced not because like oh we want to introduce it and buck up the environment. No, no. It was introduced because this lady, Lady Inis, just loved the look and the smell of it and wanted it in her garden. But it's something like that where it's like this lack of understanding of the impacts of this. You know, same with the introduction of rabbits. A lot of rabbits, I think a lot of rainbow trout as well were introduced into the Australian ecosystem because they wanted to bring the culture and the lifestyle that they had over in Europe and in England and bring that to Australia cuz they, you know, they wanted to hunt for rabbits like they did back, you know, where they did back in England. They wanted to fish for trout because that's the culture that they had. So a lot of the ways in which these species are introduced is done because they just they want they wanted to bring that lifestyle over and the access they had to this country. And you know I think it's like now that we look back we're like oh that was kind of I wish you didn't do that but you know we're here now with these introduction of these species. And while some of them have significant impacts on the environment, a lot of Australian animals and plants don't understand that they're bad. And I want to preface this around the example of Lantana. And it's it's kind of like the devil's advocate, I guess, for the plant, but Australian birds, especially little shrub birds, they love Lantana because it gives them good ground. It gives them good coverage. The flowers, they can pollinate from the flowers. They use it for nesting. So to the ecology of this bird, the plant is really good for little flying birds to use lantana. But on an ecosystem level, it's really bad. So because it suppresses native grass, which mean other animals like kangaroos don't have enough of a food source. You know, some of them lantana actually is like a stem cell plant. So you plant lantana and it can pretty much adapt to every ecosystem, which is really cool for the plant. Not great for Australia. But I think I think our understanding of species also depends on society. I know I've had my best friend is a horse girl and we love that for her, but she loves horses and we have we have controversy around Brumies in Mount Kiosa National Park cuz she loves them like they're such a beautiful animal. They're great. And I was like, "Yeah, but they're really bad for the environment. " But she's like, "Oh, but you know, it's such it's such a stature of like of culture, you know, and so even as the questions before, like we have to change people's understanding of invasive species and foreign organisms by understanding their connection to them. " Similar to the questions before, when you understand someone's connection to something or their knowledge around something, then it gives you that way of sort of developing back, yeah, they are a beautiful animal, but they're not good because their hooves aren't designed for the for the ground, right? And that's a big thing cuz they have these impacts which are negative but they are beautiful. I do agree, you know. So I could talk about that forever but we have so many questions coming through and I love that. >> actually that was just me yaming in the chat >> so that we can move on. >> Yeah, perfect. I think we have one more. Are we able to advocate for our local communities to bring back these native flora or just regular members of society? I think when it comes to this advocation, I think it's like our responsibility as we learn to make this change and advocate as much as possible. I think indigenous ways of knowing and be doing have been so silenced within the Australian community and as Miranda said like we're coming to a point where 30 years ago this was a conversations of sustainability and we're having more people understanding these impacts and you know and sort of changing the narrative of this embedded Eurowestern society that has been the foundation of Australia and you know now we're sort of coming to a place where like people are listening like scientists are starting to realize, oh, if we do use like native species or if we do listen to indigenous people who understand how an ecosystem works, like we're going to have better ecosystems. We can't just plant a thousand eucalyptus species for a koala habitat. We have to we