# VIDEO: Beyond Inclusion | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

go into research, I cannot emphasize enough how important it is to know your supervisors and know that they respect where you're coming from with the research that you're doing. So, one of my supervisors in my honors years, , I had a lot of trouble with because it was sort of a space where I was really starting to engage with indigenous methodologies, indigenous research practices, and really wanting to bring indigenous cultural practices to the communities that I was working with. So my honors research was around understanding koala diet selection and eucalyptus foliage chemistry and understanding that so we can better inform our tree planting. And I was a few months into it when I was like oh I really haven't consulted with the local indigenous people. I really feel like I'm doing this project with their animals with their country that's going to have these benefits on them. And this is where I said earlier like we're all on our own learning journey. I was making mistakes early on cuz I didn't know any better, right? I didn't know any better and I was like, "Oh my god, like I need to I need to collaborate. Like I need to have them involved. Like if I'm doing this work and I need to show that this is important, like yeah, I can prove that it's important through Western literature that we need to know what koalas eat, but how is this important to indigenous people in these communities that I'm going to my in science and my research is going to directly impact? " So, I had this yarn with my supervisor and I was like, "Hey guy, not going to say his name. Hey, dude. How can we like how can I do my research to include like I want to go into community and I want to ask the local land councils if I can go and harvest leaves off eucalyptus species? " And they're like, "Oh, what if they say no? Like, that's going to be so hard. Like, that's waking they're making this project so much more complex. " And it really hurt my soul because to me that was just the bare minimum was going to ask the people that my research was going to impact if it was okay for me to do this. But my supervisor was like, "No, that's too complex. " Like what if they say no? What if they do say no? If they say no, then I am going to have to redo my research project in another way that is actually going to be beneficial. , and they said yes, thankfully. , and I knew they would anyway, but you know, like I wanted to make sure that what I was doing was correct, that I wasn't going to impact them, that I the flow off effects of me doing this research project and then being an indigenous person that is identified in the community that I grew up in. I didn't want an elder or someone to come back to me in a few years and be like, you didn't even talk to us if you did your research, okay? Like, oh my god. Like, you know, I didn't want that flow and effect, that negativity. I didn't want to break the trust and the trust and respect that I had built in my community you know by not asking with them and in a western system right like it's it in science in particular you guys will probably learn it is very extractive it is very take and that's the way that sort of imperialism science is kind of designed but where it's like indigenous science and where it's like community based science not even indigenous science it's about collaboration it's about building relationships you know so many scientists just will go into a research area into a community and just be like I'm doing this and not even engage with the community and that has really negative flow and effects cuz say you move there years later and then you've got this reputation of coming in and like disrespecting community you don't want that like you want to be able to integrate you want community to be on your side right and I guess it's little stuff like that where it's like conservation and understanding the environment you really need to collaborate with community. You really need to engage with them. And I think my experience was super negative and I made the right decisions to not have them as part of my research projects anymore. And because of that, I was able to ask community. I went and interviewed two local traditional owners and elders of that country. And I interviewed them and I asked them, why is it important for you? Why is it important to community for me to conserve and help conserve your species? And you know what they said? When I see a koala, like I see family, you know, we want to make sure our environment and our country is healthy, not just for us, but for future generations. Like we want to be planting trees that we might not be able to sit under, but we know that our children and our children's children will sit under it. But even we know that species like we know that psums are going to use it. We know that insects are going to use it. We know that koala's going to use it. Like it was very seeing the environment as not separate but combined together. And for me that really touched my soul like if we're going to be a sustainable community and if I'm going to work sustainably and ethically within my research career I need to be collaborating. I don't need to be consulting. I need to be collaborating. I want to do rightway science. I want to do rightway engagement and I want to do right by the communities that I want to help and make sure that I'm helping them in the way that they want to be helped. Not just assuming that's how they want to be helped. And when we do that, we can be more informed about the decisions that we're making. , I feel like wary of time. I'm just going to change the next slide. Unless you want to add something to the girl. >> Nope. Ready for the next slide? >> , yeah. Awesome. Holistic approaches. Now, I also feel like for our next slide, which is pathways forward, we've given you heaps and heaps of different info, so we can probably jump straight to the questions then. But like Tina just said, sustainable communities and I've also kind of referred to it's not just about solar panels and recycling bins. It's about relationships, right? So indigenous governance brings a holistic lens that integrates culture, environment, and social dimensions. There's a couple of tools and I'll pop one of them in the chat in a second like the cultural landscape mapping or indigenous stakeholder engagement plans. And particularly at the moment, the New South Wales connecting with country framework offer pathways for inclusive designs. But tools aren't enough. And this is what Theres and I keep harping on about. We need leadership. We need accountability and a willingness to a willingness to listen deeply. When we design not with but for sorry, when we design with other way around, not for communities, we build places that are not only sustainable, but they are fit for purpose. And that's where we've gone a little bit astray. When we, you know, rely too much on our abilities to ah, you know, just think, you know, walk a mile in their shoes and think about how they might want this problem to be solved or we look at the literature and tell us how certain communities should be built, we're already kind of straying down the wrong path. Those are really, really good to help us build a foundational understanding of what is leading practice, but part of that leading practice is talking to the people that are going to live there as an end result. You know, we unfortunately are not going to have the privilege to live and experience every single one of the projects that we've ever worked on. So, the least we can do is talk to the people that are going to be experiencing those. , yeah. Anything to add, T? >> I think I don't know how much of you are like ecologists, but I imagine that you have an understanding of ecology. When you think of ecology and you think of an ecosystem and all of the complex interrelating relationships, you know, a treere's connection to the soil and the soil's connection to the water and the water's connection to the fish and the fish's connection to the insects and the