segue leads into this a lot, because when we're talking about engaging with First Nations community, particularly when you're in a job and you're going out, you're speaking with stakeholders, you've got a project, you know, you're juggling timelines and finances, and then you're speaking with people. Bring that back and remember that you're talking with people. It is not your job to be offended by what any auntie or uncle says. It is not your job to defend what they say colonization has done to their family or their culture or their community. It is your job to listen. Do not take it personally because as soon as you do that, you will become a you'll become defensive. You'll get offended. You'll take it to heart. You'll think, "But it wasn't me. " They don't mean you. I have been in so many situations as a fair-skinned Aboriginal woman where I have got, you know, a very dark-skinned uncle going off on a rant saying, "You fellas did this to me. " And I remember when I was really young in my career going, "Oh my god, like that's really full on like it definitely wasn't me. " And then I remember reflecting on that being like, "No, it wasn't me. It's not my place to take offense from what he's saying. It's my place to listen and try to apply that to my project. And so when we talk about western planning models in particular, so I guess my background for to preface this I was environmental scientists and I had a particular focus in approvals and planning in the Queensland and Northern Territory regions. And so you've got Commonwealth, state and local government approvals that you have to get to do any sort of project, which before I did that job, I didn't know was a thing. And I have to say breathes a sigh of relief to know that we can't just go and do things without checking first. And so sustainability comes into that. We can't just go and build a bridge anywhere because people need a bridge. We need to understand the ecology of the water systems, the waterway, the environment on either side of the bank. There's a lot that goes into it. However, Western planning models often fall short because again they separate people from place and culture from ecology. First nations approaches are inherently holistic. So countries not just the land its kin its story its spirit. When we engage or we embed indigenous ecological knowledges into sustainability products we project sorry we get better outcomes culturally safe spaces long-term stewardship and community buyin which is a really important one. Now I'm going to share an example you see there on the screen which is the Palm Island Cultural Installation Project. Now I don't know how many of you have heard of Palm Island. If you have, I don't know, like pop an emoji react up or something. But Palm Island is a tiny little remote community off the coast of far north Queensland. Back in, I believe it was around 2010, the Guinness World Record book actually considered it the most dangerous place on Earth outside of a war zone here in Australia. How ridiculous is that? And so to give context, Palm Island was a mission. So missions back in the day were places where, you know, European settlers would essentially gather up and place First Nations people off of their own country in missions under the Indigenous Protection Act, which was more of a control act, if we're being honest. And so under the missions, people weren't allowed to practice their culture. They weren't allowed to speak their language. They were essentially, you know, put under slave wages. They weren't paid. They weren't fed. They couldn't do anything. Essentially, if you, you know, looked at someone in charge the wrong way, you could spend a night in jail. Children were separated from their mothers. Families were broken up. It was a horrific time in Australia's history. Again, not a blame game. It's history. It's fact. It's truth. We need to understand it. And because of that, Palm Island is still suffering from long-term socioeconomic impacts. And to be quite blunt about it, having visited the island multiple times, it is a place of obvious white guilt. And when I say that, I mean it's a community that the government just throws money at. They have got schools that are brilliantly designed. They've got buildings that are the latest model, but they're empty. No one uses them because it was somebody's patchwork job to fix a problem that they didn't spend the time getting to know people to fix. Now when you consider all that I went over with this grand ownerous project to create a cultural installation project. This is a community of people who were not allowed to practice their culture for, you know, 50some years, generations, except it became this beautiful melding pot of a community that just wanted to tell their story through their own voice. And we had a project that was willing to listen. So the project was engaged by the Palm Island Aberiginal Shy Council and they literally said to us, "Do not come out with any ideas. Come out with a blank canvas. Sit with our community, listen to our community, hear their stories, then come up with an idea. " And the council was really handsoff. They were like, "We just want to see the end product, and then we'll get involved. We want to hear what the community has to say. " Now this community has got a history of buildings and projects being built in places which were then becoming places where people had committed suicide. And so the community didn't like these places. They didn't want to be there. They had such negative stereotypes and just feelings targeted towards these places. And when you go somewhere and you've got that level of weight that you're trying to create something positive out of, it can be very intimidating. And so we just went out, open ears, open hearts. We listened. The community came to the table. We went out four times to the island sitting with different community members. We went to all of the schools. We went to all the centers, the women's group, the men's group, the rangers. We went into all the shops just talking to people, listening to their stories. And by the end of it, we had created a project that was so written and built by the community's hands that everyone was happy. NEVER DOES THAT HAPPEN. YOU NEVER PLEASE EVERYONE. But everyone was just so eager to have their own story written with their own words. And now this project, I'm very proud to say, is actually being built on the island. That's another thing that once you get into the industry, you'll realize so many projects with these amazing impacts and just positivity can happen and then the funding gets cut and they never happen. This one's actually being built. And so what I want you to take away from that is when we engage genuinely and we listen deeply, our projects will be sustainable because they'll be built for purpose for the communities that they are meant to service. That was a really big tangent. I do apologize. I'll throw to Theresa. >> It was a very beautiful tangent. I love listening to you talk about Palm Island. Honestly, it's it gives me so much inspiration that we can actually work with communities and not just indigenous communities like every community in general to have these better outcomes and that aren't superficial. I think a lot of the way and I guess a limitation to western planning models and even in my short experience within science and within like ecology and research is we say all the right things but we don't actually actively do them. Like we talk the talk, but when are we actually walking a walk? And I think the example of Palm Island is so empowerful because it was giving the power to the people that know what they wanted rather than a scientist coming in be like, "It's going to be like this because this says it's the way to go. " That's not sustainable. Like that's not going to have the outcomes that people want. Like that's and I love that example so much. And I think as scientists sometimes we do come in and we think we know best. We know better than what community knows. And that's that's never the case. We never do. You can read as much as you want. And this is where it's nice talking with Mood. Like cuz I can read as much as I want about an ecosystem or a community, but like I'm never going to know unless I go to that community or