# VIDEO: Workshop 2:  Storytelling with Express (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

So hello everyone. As I said, my name is Tom. I'm one of the Adobe coaches available to you at Swimburne. My job is to help you support you with the Adobe products you'll encounter throughout your time at Swimburne. All of which you get for free. So you'll be using these products as part of your assignments and hopefully in your personal time because we highly encourage interaction with these products during your personal use. So today's presentation is start talking 2023 the second workshop the subject of which is storytelling with express video. I'm Thomas Insul. I'm the Adobe digital coach. Presenting with me is Dr. Peter Zepharan Zepharanu. Yep. Lecturer in mic microbiology microbial biotechnology and wil lecturer and I just want to begin by saying we respectfully acknowledge the wjury people of the cooling nation who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swimburn's campuses in Melbourne's east and outer east are currently based and we pay our respects to their elders past, present and emerging and that we also acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of the land on which across Australia on which their elders, ancestors and cultures and heritage lie. So Peter, I'll pass on to you. >> Thank you so much Thomas and I guess this is the second workshop of competition start talking 2023 where you are going to submit four minute of a video of your idea. It could be any idea. So we invite all of the Swimburn students from different discipline. If you're interested or passionate about a kind of idea or a challenge and you have a solution to that, you read through the literature or that's your research. So you this is the second workshop. So you're going to submit a draft of your idea with the social impact. It's very important. This 4m minute video is going to record it for the purpose of your audience is a public the community. How you're going to engage with them? How you are going to use of the right language to share your idea, your solution, your recommendation to unpack a challenge and invite them to actively be involved. So I guess that idea is going to be shared with me. So my email address is here and if you have any in you know need for your for example once you are starting creating your video as Thomas mentioned we have our amazing Adobe coaches on board so you can get an appointment for you know sort additional support behind this workshop and what you are going to achieve. So I guess we are going to select your the best 4-minute video with the social impact to be showcased in our live showcase and we have our amazing judges coming along from the industry. The chief scientist at Swimburn and always with kind of we have also someone from Adobe to evaluate your video production on that innovative idea with the social impact. So you are going to the winner of the start talking is going to achieve 400 cash prize. That is correct. 400 cash prize for 400 a 4 minute video and also we are going to have a interactive cahoot questions based on the videos for people to for the audience and also we are going to have our audience to vote to your video and that is the people choice with 100 bucks. So these are all the live showcase is going to happen on t week 10 according to our academic calendar in at swimburn which is going to be 12 of October. So anytime on Monday or maximum Tuesday that week 10 remember week 10 Monday week 10 you're going to submit your video to me that is going to be considered. So I guess that is what I wanted to remind you and we would like to invite you to watch this video because we want to spend time with Thomas and get a training done. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing from microorganisms to giant galaxies. It encompasses everything in between and we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students. Start Talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. But now it's your turn to start talking. So we'll move straight on to Adobe Express. Then on today's agenda, I will take you through the interface of Adobe Express video. I will show you how to set up and edit your timeline, how to import videos and text both from Adobe Stock and your own videos. I will teach you how to in edit these individual clips and titles to improve your presentation. And at the end, I will show you how to download and share your work. And before I start, please make sure you're signed into the Adobe Creative Cloud and have the Creative Cloud the Adobe Express site opened. It's express. Adobe. Com. Please sign them with your student email. And feel free to ask any questions throughout the session. I will be able to answer them. And unless you are asking a question, please keep your mics turned off. So, we'll begin just by typing in express. Adobe. You can see that I'm already signed in, but for tutorial sake, I'll sign back out and show you what the process is. So, like I said, just your student emails for everyone watching today. It'll be your student numbers and swind. Au student at sorry student. Swin. Au. And this is important. When you first sign in with your student account, you'll be given two options. One will be an orange, one will be a blue. Select the orange account. It's very important. That way, your account will be on Swimburn's network and you won't lose any projects. And you'll have access to Adobe Stock and all the features Swimburn provides you with. Wonderful. So, this is the Adobe Express interface. From here, you can create so many different content types. You can create Instagram posts, you can create Instagram stories, you can create a web page similar to the one I just showed you, but most importantly, you can create video. So, you have all these options to select, but I always like to go to the purple plus button and scroll down for the one I want. We'll select video. By default, it will be 1920x 1080 pixels. That's your standard HD web page. Standard HD video as well format. But if you are creating content for a different device, say an iPhone or something similar or an Instagram story, you have the option of selecting different dimensions. An Instagram story, for example, is 1080 by 1920 pixels, but today we're just going to create a standard HD. So you'll see we have an empty timeline currently. We can fix this very quickly by going into media and today the tutorials theme will be bees. So thankfully Adobe Stock has lots of bees videos and Adobe Stock is Adobe's own stock library which you have access to as part of our new swim deal with Swimburn. So, all I have to type in is bees. And I'm met with several hundred bees videos. I like these first ones. So, I'm going to click and drag onto my timeline. And you'll see I've been met with all these settings on my left. But to continue adding videos, I just have to click this layer button on my right. And I'll click and drag again. So you can see I have two videos. I'll scroll up and down my timeline like so. Just click and drag the play head. Now you'll see this first clip I have is 10 seconds and the second one is 50. But we would prefer our end video is only 10 seconds long just for tutorial sake. So I'm going to shorten my video by taking this handle on the right of the video, clicking and dragging. And you'll see the duration of this video I have selected shortens. So I'm going to shorten it to 5 seconds. And if you want an easier job