have two videos. I'll scroll up and down my timeline like so. Just click and drag the play head. Now you'll see this first clip I have is 10 seconds and the second one is 50. But we would prefer our end video is only 10 seconds long just for tutorial sake. So I'm going to shorten my video by taking this handle on the right of the video, clicking and dragging. And you'll see the duration of this video I have selected shortens. So I'm going to shorten it to 5 seconds. And if you want an easier job of lining up the duration, you just need to zoom in via this zoom scroll bar. You see, I can scroll in, I can scroll out, and that just allows for more detailed editing. So, in order to show you how to split and cut your videos, I'm going to enlarge this second video again, and I'm going to move my playhead to the 5-second mark, which is roughly halfway between the in between the video. Good. Now all I have to do is press S on my keyboard and that is going to split the clip. And because Adobe Express is a web paste platform, sometimes the commands will take longer than you would like, but they get there in the end. If your keyboard shortcuts aren't working, you can just right click and select split. Excellent. Now, all Now all I need to do with the clip I don't want is just press backspace. And that deletes. We'll repeat the same process with my first clip. Excellent. So, if we let that play, we now have a 10-second video consisting of two 5-second clips. Good. Now, if I want to make individual edits to this clip, if I want to add effects, all I need to do is click on it, click this layer button on the right hand side of my screen, and this takes me to the individual settings of the clip. So, I could adjust the volume. If I had a background, I could remove that background. I could crop the video. The cropping is very good on this because it allows you to add specific frames. So, if I was so inclined, I could make this frame, but I'm going to remove that crop now. And if I want to reset what I've done to this video, I just press reset. I can also alter the speed of the video just by scrolling the speed bar. Goes down in increments, 50%, 25%. If I want to speed it up, just scroll it to the right. 150% 200. So obviously that will adjust the timing. And if you sped the clip up, you're met with this white space because obviously the clip is moving faster. But all you need to do when this happens is just shorten the clip to the correct duration. And there we are. >> Thomas, just one question because you're talking about all of the videos. So if a students for the purpose of their assignments or the competition they want to add create the video and add to the they should add to this media to be able to bring it to this you know the way that you select these bees bring it here and then they start adding all the elements. Okay. >> That's right. And you can upload your own media by just selecting upload from device in the media section. This is what the majority of you will be using I imagine. So uploading a file on here is like uploading a file anywhere. You just click upload. You select the location of your video and then you upload. >> Thank you Thomas. >> My pleasure. With the videos you upload is the same as any video any other video on here. You can continue altering the video. You can change the opacity and you can add effects. Effects are basic color changes as quite a wide array of things for you to select. So obviously grayscale and then these duo tune elements. But if you don't like that you can just select none. Of course, adjustments. These are more complex. How you use this will depend on your own purposes, but you can change the contrast. You can change the brightness, the highlights, and the shadows, and of course, you can change the warmth and the saturation and the details and the blur. If anyone here is familiar with Photoshop, it's a very similar process. But if I want to remove all these effects, I'll simply select reset all. Good. Now, I want to show you how you can specifically upload videos. So, to reiterate, I'm now uploading my own videos. Now, when you're uploading your own videos, it's very important you upload them one at a time. It's a slow process, but it's quite important for your workflow because if you do not upload them at a time, you are met with this effect where it uploads directly on to another video on your timeline, which is very good if you want a picturein picture. But thankfully you also have the product the option to add as a scene. So if I want to add this as a scene, make it its own clip on my timeline, I simply select this. There we are. Right, as this is 31 seconds in length, I'm going to trim it. Going to scroll out. That way I can see my entire timeline at a 12% zoom. And I'm going to scroll and shorten this to 5 seconds in length. Wonderful. Now I'm going to show you how to create a picture and picture effect. So once again I'm going to give this its own scene. This one is 16 seconds in length. We'll shorten it to five. Wonderful. And with this scene selected, we will select this video here. And automatically, you can see it uploads directly on top of our previous picture, our previous clip. It's actually done. Exactly. >> Sorry bet. Go on. >> Sorry Thomas. I guess that was very important. So sometimes the students they are talking about a technology and the advantage of that technology. For example, it would be good if you have a background video or an image which is actually presenting that technology or you know that is more engaging once you're talking about that. So I just wanted to highlight this is very useful tool. Thank you. >> Very welcome. Yes, picturein picture is very popular with how the content with how people generate content inre in express video and you will very likely be using this. So I have my delightful bees picture in the corner. What I want to do now is give it a rounded frame. I will do so by selecting this one, this rounded frame here. And automatically it crops. But you can see it's cropped too much of the image. So I'm going to widen it somewhat. But we still want to see those rounded edges. There we go. There we go. So now we have our main video and then what you can imagine could be a macro closeup in the top leftand corner. So now that we have our main content selected, we want to add in some titles. And to add the title, simply go into text. And you can see Adobe Stock presents you with all these different templates to select from. But I like to add my own text. To do that, simply click add your own text. Select. We'll call our video today the secret life of bees. Now, by default, you get this very basic black text. Obviously, not good for our needs. So, I'm going to select a new font. I'm going to select 8 heavy. And you'll see with fonts here you have a lot to choose from. Which best you can choose will suit will depend on your own purposes. Now to apply this text, make sure all text is selected by pressing Ctrl A. There we go. There we go. Now, black isn't very good for our needs. So, we are going to select yellow. It offers you lots of swatches to choose from, but if you're looking for a specific color, simply go into custom. You see we have this color bar here. So, I'm going to select yellow. Wonderful. So, you can see we have an entry title. Now what I want to do now is select is give my text a transition so it fades in as any presentation video presentation title would. So to do that I simply go into animation select in and you have all these transitions to choose from. It could bungee in. It could drift in. It could drop. It could flicker. I personally prefer fade. It's the most basic. It's It really fits the majority of presentations you'll give. But I also