My voice over remains at 100%. Let's play that to see how it sounds. Bees are a vital part of Earth's ecosystem. There you go. That music makes everything look good. So, congratulations. >> The music was very loud, Thomas. >> Oh, I see. I think it should be less than because it was to me it was very loud as the same as your voice. >> Well, that will be trial and error to keep it very you know >> of course. >> Mhm. >> If it's too loud and quite often it is because >> Sorry. Go on. >> I just want to ask you one question. So do you suggest if you want to bring let's say students have some slides they want to talk about it and they record it and then they bring the video with the audio to the I don't know if you hear me but because my internet is not good. So if we if we need to bring the video with the audio at the same time to add to the media to be used here and start editing or we just bring the video and then we record it in Adobe Express. Which way is more or both of this is okay? >> That's I would say both are okay. It depends on your personal preference and it will depend what the presentation is. Say, yeah, if you're giving what is essentially a PowerPoint presentation and you want a picturein picture with you speaking in the corner, I would recommend and I actually encountered this earlier today. I would recommend having all your slides in one timeline, opening up a new page like this, and then once you have your slides the way you like it, the way you like them, download that video and then bring them into a new timeline on your second page and then upload a video of you talking and That way you can line the video your spoken presentation up with your visuals without having to encounter the same problems we encountered earlier with one p with one video or one title being confined to a single clip if that makes sense. >> We will practice this. We might come back to you Thomas after this workshop. Okay, we have chance to leave it to this. Thank you. >> Wonderful. >> Okay, so we've got our voiceovers, we've got our music, we have our visuals that set it the way we wanted. So now we can download. I just want to add one final transition just for consistency. Now, and I do want to see how loud this music is. These are a vital part of Earth's ecosystem. See, at 20%, that sounds a bit more reasonable. So, like I said, the audio capacity in Express is new. So, best practice is keep your music around 20 to 30%. That way, they won't be drowning out your voiceovers. So our video is complete. All we need to do is download the video. We open up download. You'll see because we set up multiple pages just then you have the option of all pages or selected page. You just need selected page because this is our main timeline. You have file format options, PNG, JPEG, PDF, MP4. Obviously, we made a video, so you'll be exporting at MP4. Video resolution, 720, 1080 4K, you'll want to export at 1080. That's the standard across most viewing displays, like we covered earlier. 720 if you think it's going to a website that's doesn't have the capacity to support HD 4K if it's going to say a high-spec iPhone or something like that, but I wouldn't recommend 4K. All I have to do then is click download. If I want to share my presentation, I have the option of inviting collaborators. So they can log into their own with their own express accounts and work on it with you, but not simultaneously. Do not work on any presentations simultaneously in Adobe Express. That's a problem I've encountered before. It causes a lot of hassle. But you can add your friend's email in here and you can set it to only invited people have access or everyone at Swimburn University has access. I would maintain only invited people can access. That way it can just be kept to you and your group. And finally I would publish the web And publishing to the web is very similar to publishing an express page or spark post as it used to be called. You can publish the link. You can make sure your second page is deselected because we only want to export this main page. Give it a title and you can publish link. So, it'll present you with a web link that you can present to anyone. You can submit it to Canvas. You can send it in email. You can send it on text. And anyone with an internet connection will be able to view your video. Wonderful. That brings me to the end of my presentation today. With 10 minutes to spare, does anyone have any questions? And I'm happy to answer them. >> Thank you so much, Thomas. Again. , this was a starting point of us and Adobe Coaches to introduce you to this Adobe Express and since this is a new product we decided to go with Adobe Express video instead of the Adobe Rush. So I've tried to capture all of those elements that I've seen in past especially once I evaluate a students video assignments and the one they submitted to the competition. But I guess with these scenarios you can have you can think and create your video. Bringing your idea to this interactive you know video where you can add the audio, where you can add images, where you can add animation and make the background sound bring some kind of transition. But I like the idea of keep it simple and clear because there are too many, you know, effects. It's not going to be it's distracting us. But I love the idea of how students make their assignments and especially once they bring the, you know, labels or titles for each section of their video, it's really helping us to think what is going to cover next. So that's a very great idea. , do we have any questions for , Thomas? Irene, I can see you're also in >> Yes, I'm in with all the students. >> I find this is easier to follow. I've wor some of the students probably they use I don't know whether you're familiar with Canva >> and I see a lot of familiar features here that I think we can adopt this one instead because for Canva to get access to some of the photos and videos you need to pay for the professional yeah fee. So while listening to Thomas just now I'm trying some of the things. So yeah it's it's quite easy to do. It's just that what's left is just the students ideas and how they put it together. >> Beautiful. Thank you so much. Irene is here from Sowak Thomas. So we have our u students from Sarowak here as well. So I hope what we share with Thomas was useful for you. Yes, very much. , about the Adobe coaches just now that Thomas offer is it available for Sarawat students as well? >> That's a good question. I believe well yeah yes they are available because we can we can hold drop in sessions over Zoom >> actually. Yes, I go back on that. Yes, we are available. Sowak students. I've spoken with Sarowak students in the past over Zoom >> and we've been able to help you just from screen sharing capacities alone. >> Okay, good. >> Thank you so much. So that bring us to the end of this session and again thank you so much Thomas for your valuable time. Please be in contact with our Adobe coaches and start creating your inspiring video with the social impact and submit it to us. Thank you so much everyone.