# VIDEO: Workshop 2:  Storytelling with Express (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

color bar here. So, I'm going to select yellow. Wonderful. So, you can see we have an entry title. Now what I want to do now is select is give my text a transition so it fades in as any presentation video presentation title would. So to do that I simply go into animation select in and you have all these transitions to choose from. It could bungee in. It could drift in. It could drop. It could flicker. I personally prefer fade. It's the most basic. It's It really fits the majority of presentations you'll give. But I also want to adjust the length so my title does not take up the entirety of my clip. So to do that, I'm simply going to enable layer timing. Show layer timing down here. And I'm going to select the top layer and I'm going to click and drag the same as I did to adjust the duration of my clips. There we go. And this is a good time for me to bring up the our layers panel. You saw me play around with this earlier, but you can see when one clip is in top is on top of the other, it appears in this layer panel. So, right now, title on top of the video as it should be. But if I wanted to swap that around, I simply click and drag and now the bees the B clip is on top of the title. Thomas, can we place can we change the location of the title if you want to bring it on the top or in the center? >> Absolutely. >> Move it. Yeah. >> To do that, simply click and drag your title. Move it to any desired location on the timeline. , I guess I'm asking for the location of the title in that selected video. >> What needs to be done if you would like to move your title to a different location? Simply copy and paste. So select ah this is where Adobe express differs from Adobe Rush. So when you have a certain title applied to express it is bound to that clip as this title is bound to this beast clip. So, if I wanted to put say the title of my presentation onto this clip, I would instead need to create the title on this clip. So, the summary is each video that you make you can based on what you want to present. I might need if for example you have an assignment of three minute video with three sections. So you can label each video each section each video with a different label and place it everywhere that you want. >> That's right. So this first video, this first clip here, this is our first section. So I can move the title anywhere I want within this first section, but I cannot move it to the second section. This section second section will need its own title. So if I want to do that, I'll simply repeat the process. But we'll move on. What I do want to show you, and this is one of my favorite features of Adobe Express, is the Firefly plugin. I if any of you have experienced Adobe Firefly, it's like the visual equivalent of chat GPT. You type the description you would like and it will apply that texture to the title. So for this I will type honeycomb dripping honey. This is one of the new features of Adobe Express. And I'll take this moment to say that Adobe Express is in its current form that you're seeing today is very new. We've gone to this is possibly our second week of experiencing Adobe Express video in its current form. Thank you Thomas for clarifying why the storytelling video production by Adobe Rush changed by Adobe Express because this is the new product and we want to show you that we are updated with the applications which are efficiently work. So that's why we are offering this as a tool for you to produce the video. Thank you. >> Correct. Now you see my texture has blended into the bees video somewhat. So I will take this opportunity to present the replace button, the replace feature of my of my clip. So if I wanted to replace this video, you see with a completely different video but keep the same duration, all I would have to do is click replace. Let's type in B's for a different video. There we go. And there we go. That looks wonderful, doesn't it? So, like I said, the duration is the same, but the clip is different. And now you'll have a chance to see our wonderful texture, a wonderful AI generated texture of the titles. We'll zoom in just to admire this properly. So yes, I like Adobe Firefly very much in this application to express video. >> Yes, PT, you have a question. >> I'm just seeing your hand raised. No, I just >> Oh, say hay. >> Oh, there's a clapping emoji. Wonderful. Wonderful. So, , now we've got some titles. We are going to add in some transitions. Transitions in Adobe Express are very simple. Just add your transition and you'll see right now we have dissolve as its sole transition. More will be coming soon, but like I said, this is a very new piece of software. So, we'll just insert that. We'll play from the beginning to see what it looks like. There you go. So, we've completed our visual section. Now, we might want to include some audio. So, to do that, we simply go into media again. We transition to audio. And you'll see you can upload from your own device the same as you can photos and videos and you can record a voice over. So I will record a voice over but first I want to insert some sheer for music. So just simply type in shareful into Adobe Stock. Select happy family loop. Hopefully you can hear this. Okay. So, fortunately, this video, this audio clip takes up the duration of our entire timeline. But if we wanted to repeat it, say we wanted to expand that All we would have to do is copy and paste. Oh, my apologies. So, if you want to repeat the music you've been using, which you can with this music because it's a loop, just click again and it will transition seamlessly. >> So, we'll reduce our final clip back to its desired duration. We keep it to seven seconds. And now you get to hear me record a voice over. So to record a voice over, simply select record voice over and allow permissions from your microphone. >> So you can see it's taking in audio from my microphone. And now I just need to start recording. Bees are a vital part of Earth's ecosystem and finish recording. >> So, Express allows for two audio tracks, one being the music and the second being for recorded voiceovers. But if we play them now, these are a vital part of this ecosystem. You'll see they clash a bit. So all I need to do is simply lower the volume. >> That is also very important. Often we go to mark the assignments and we hear the song which is fantastic. It make us happy but we don't hear what the students is talking about. So you really need to adjust the background music to be lower than what you are going to share. Especially if you are coming to make the 4m minute video for us in a competition. We want to showcase. If you want to use of the music related to your topic or make it you know happy video make sure that you're going your sounds it's more powerful than the background music. This is very important. >> Yes. And to simply adjust the volume, all you need to do is select the volume. Pardon me. So, sometimes it's a little bit fiddly, but keep clicking. And you'll get it. In the end, you'll see my music is at 100% full volume. We don't want this. We'll lower it to say 40 because music should just be supplementing what you'll be saying in your voice over. So, my music is at 40. My voice over remains at 100%. Let's play that to see how it sounds. Bees are a vital part of Earth's ecosystem. There you go. That music makes everything look good. So, congratulations. >> The music was very loud, Thomas. >> Oh, I see. I think it should be less than because it was to me it was very loud as the same as your voice. >> Well, that will be trial and error to keep it very you know >> of course. >> Mhm. >> If it's too loud and quite often it is because >> Sorry. Go on.