Good afternoon everyone and welcome to design for change 2022. We are very excited to see the other adaka another run and for this program design for change and of course this is the STEM prototype competition. So we are going to continue and of course the session is recorded and we are going to invite the comp competitors to turn on their video when they need to answer to the judges and then we have a short Q&A after each video and the winner is going to be announced at about 5:55 and we are going to have a screenshot of and you know this events and that is going to be the memory. All right. So in the beginning I would like to go with the acknowledgement of country on behalf of those present I acknowledge the traditional owner of the land on which we now meet. I pay my respects to their elders past present and emerging. I also pay my respect to all Aboriginal and traditional owner of the land in here in Australia and Malaysia and hope that the path towards reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. So I guess everyone for those who don't know about the design for change they are here to be ready maybe to participate in the next year competition. This is one of the competition under the shaping STEM futures. So we are aiming to develop Swimburns you know helping and support the Swimburn students to develop their communication technical skills and digital skills in a very multip multidisciplinary collaborative approach where they can play risk and act as an entrepreneurs. And we would like this program aims to foster the building of digital literacy that will empower students with the skills that they need for the future career and they can inspire the community and contribute to the industry vision. So our judging panel for this design for change started in 2021. So we always have Claire. I hope that she is with us. Otherwise we are going to have her comment in the Duna online score and Shariel is with us from the insurance Australia group. And we have Elliot Henkle which is who is our industrial designer from design factory Melbourne which is located at Swimburn. So the design for change is our initiative and I'm working with my colleague Keslan from computing science and Elliot and again our collaborators are from Adobe team employability team my colleague in Saraveak and welcome to Irene I see you are in the audience so and of course the Heleni from the in from our industry partner so they are very valuable to us and without their help we cannot do this. So the design for change of course we would like to have support our industry partner and our community organization partners and we would like to support their visions which is about making the world a safer place to live or inspiring the women's and girls into the STEM. Of course that is also aligned with our vision which is let's make the world a better place to live. So we usually have u a series of workshops with the purpose of providing the training the required training for everyone any students at simben here in Australia and Sarowak to participate with a passion in STEM. So Adobe XD Adobe Rush startup pitch presentation it's already covered the recording is available in soon employee page employability team working with us and of course today this is the live showcase where we have three finalists with the inspiring video of their you know STEM design which is a design solution to a challenge which they are going to explain. So the judges choice is going to achieve 400 bucks. We are going to have a feedback from our industry partner and we are going to have a certificate of for of participation for everyone what you've done and this is the amount of time which you spend beyond your unit and the assessment is going to be recognized and this is going to be part of the emerging leaders program. Fiona is going to be with us when the judges are going to make a decision to tell you about emerging gly's program. If you don't know story of success for the winner is going to be published in Swing news letter. So behind the union and assessment we would like to acknowledge those talented students who contribute in this kind of activity. So I guess the judges and the participants they all know about the criteria that we are the judges are going to consider for today's 4m minute video and I'm not going to explain all of the details you're aware of this criteria and as I said the workshop one workshop two and the workshop three they're all recorded and their information it's available for anyone who is interested to watch and of course employability team and this is about supporting students to be ready for their future job. So of course you need the evidence of your contribution, the campus contribution, communication skills, teamwork, leadership. Please contact us. We have professional training and this is one of them which you already did a great job. Nothing is going to be ahead unless we have a list of the talented students in this busy schedule who decided to join us. I cannot find a word to say how grateful I am and our team it's really excited about your story and your design prototype solution. So I'm going to stop sharing and I would like to invite the first team. So we have three finalists. We can we are going to hear about the safer tracking logistic in Australia. We are going to hear about AI implant dentistry and we are going to hear about leader which is an animated automated sorry an automated in vessel composting system. So there are great initiatives and I we are going to here so I'm going to stop now I would like to invite the I guess we go with the first team I think in the scoring the online scoring that I've shared with the judges from memory cheril could you please I guess that is a good actually introduction if you want Sheril to introduce yourself maybe one minute peach I can certainly do that once I press the unmute button that's a good idea so hello everyone I'm from I A and I've worked for I a who's got a bunch of insurance brands that you would have heard of like NRMA and RACV and several others I've worked for I AG as a solution architect in cloud and infrastructure for three years now and before that I was in some very large global outsources working in infrastructure engineering there. So look I'm really glad to be with you today. If you want to you can find me on LinkedIn, Cheryl Savage under IIG. And so I'm really grateful for the opportunity to talk to you today. Thank you, Charil. And now I have you on board. I'm not sure if Elliot, you have access to the audio video. You want to introduce yourself as u the you know our judging panel. >> Hey everyone. I'm Elliot Henle. I'm working alongside the design factory and the proto lab at Swimburn at the moment. So, , it's been a crazy semester with everyone back on campus. , and yeah, I'm excited to see your results tonight. >> Thank you, Elliot. So, now I would like to ask Sheril to invite the first finalist. Maybe you want to go from your online scoring and I let you to invite the one member of the first finalist team. >> Okay. I think is the first finalist team the AI implant dentistry team I believe. >> Okay. So, >> is that cute or >> who's going to be nominated? , who is nominated to share the video? If you're ready, please start sharing. >> , here I'll share the screen. >> Janica will be sharing. >> We just need to make sure the audio is adjusted. Everyone can hear. Thank you. Hi, I'm Nikita. Today I will be presenting our innovative dental implant detection system. Let me introduce you to the team. PV is our project facilitator and myself Nikita and my team members key Hong and Chanaka or final year master of data science students. We envisioned using STEM technology to provide a feasible solutions to real life medical problems which is cost effective, innovative and makes an impact on society. So, have you had a dental implant? And do you have an implant passport with you? As a dentist, have you ever wondered what is this implant? So, let me explain. There were 509,600 overseas migrant arrivals from year 2019 to 2020, of which 22% of them were on student visa and 4. 1% were PR