# VIDEO: Design for Change: Showcase 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-01

myself Nikita and my team members key Hong and Chanaka or final year master of data science students. We envisioned using STEM technology to provide a feasible solutions to real life medical problems which is cost effective, innovative and makes an impact on society. So, have you had a dental implant? And do you have an implant passport with you? As a dentist, have you ever wondered what is this implant? So, let me explain. There were 509,600 overseas migrant arrivals from year 2019 to 2020, of which 22% of them were on student visa and 4. 1% were PR holders and 13,000 special eligibility and humanitarian visa holders. Often these temporary migraines do not have the medical records with them. Similarly, around 15,000 Australians travel overseas to get implants. A dental implant needs a variety of maintenance appointments for the following months and years and doctors need to identify the dental implant correctly by looking at the implant X-rays. This is why we created our automated implant classification system. Our implant system uses a novel deep learning AI algorithm named TvG15 VG16 gap mask R C andn. We used an end toend highle design for end users who can utilize the application with some simple steps as follows. Users can upload the files. Users can trigger the prediction via calling APIs by choosing models in the parameter list. The system does save the prediction results which includes prediction labels and accuracies and returns to the front end to display for users. This system will benefit dental practice in many ways. This is a quick solution for patients without medical history. No need for multiple consultations to identify the implant and an air based solution built with multiple deep learning models with excellent accuracy. We used three types of dental implants in data site such as straw man, bicon and bigo. Each image file was passed to several data augmentations to increase the training data and reduce overfitting. Novel TVG15 is a modification of VG16 architecture deep learning CNN model with 13 convolution layers, two dense layers and one global pooling layer. Results show that TVG15 has overall model accuracy of 79% and 78% for VG cap. As shown in this table, model T VG15 and VG16 gap has given 70 and 66% precision respectively for BO. Likewise for BCON precision is 96% and 98% respectively and for stro it is 80 and 78% respectively. DVG15 model training time reduced by 4. 3% to VG16 which helps to deploy current clients over internet environment to get fast results. We are going to demonstrate how to detect implant type. The dentist will upload the X-ray image using the select button and click on the dental implant area. It will create a boundary box around the implant and you simply press classify button. It will classify the implant. Results are shown for all three models. Let us look at the instant where we classify multiple implants. As before, we upload images and press classify. Then sees what each model is predicting and can also select the model from above to predict results. After classification, we can save results as an existing patient or a new patient and also if the dentist feels that predictions are not correct, can manually select the type. Helps save time and allow doctors to focus on treatment and it reduces number of appointments for patients. It is cost effective for both patients and doctors. It also helps migraines with lost or no tender records. As part of the future work, we plan to implement reinforcement learning AI model and to improve the model accuracy and to create an inbuilt patient record system with a search engine with multiple implant type details and to also create a system that can take input of DICOM X-ray file directly into the system. Thank you. All right, thank you so much. , I guess now I would like to invite the competitors the first finalist to turn on their video and audio and be ready because we are going to ask our judges today. Elliot and Charil are here to and I'm going to take the time because >> we are able to have up to four to five minutes. So Charil or Elliot who's going to start? >> It can be just a comment. >> Yeah, I guess my first comment is what a wonderful idea. Something that you know I wouldn't have realized was a need until you until you actually explained it. So I thought that was that was really interesting to me. I guess as not being a data scientist I wasn't immediately understanding why I cared about the different kind of bon strawman types of modeling. But I guess when I little did a bit of research, I realized there were different kinds of dental implant modeling kinds of things. So that I certainly learned something. So that was very interesting. I guess I also really liked at the you know how you said what your next steps were going to be. I guess I'm curious to know with the next steps around the database with records in there. Was there any kind of consideration around what that looks like in terms of privacy of medical records and what kind of challenges you think you might have there? So the biggest challenging for storing image images is going to be you know like how to manage the architects of the server because you know so basically the decom the like the output from an X-ray machine is a particular sort of image that is really heavy and it's because it need to have a lot of information in it. So basically the next step that we really have to consider is how to basically store those sort of emit and then converse it into them some sort of the like some sort of smaller tie so we can process it but still guarantee the precise of the system. So that's going to be the future of the you know of our system. And in term of security we thought about it but we didn't really like the you know think about it really through. So it's it's not really something that we really you know think to so thank you very much for that information for that question. Actually it's is really another concern for us. Yeah. Well, it was a next step, right? But I'm just c we come across in, you know, in the industry a lot now when you're talking about customer data and privacy and those kinds of things. , you know, there's quite a few considerations around that. >> Yeah. But also but because we are considering to using the cloud system. So the infrastructure of the security for now to save a time of develop developing and something and then more work to do. So we just rely heavily on the cloud system. So they support the security heavily. And then you know in the future if we need to have some sort of like the privates database or something like that we would consider another step. >> Sure. And it's more about customers actually complying to say I you know I know that you are storing my data and I give you permission to do that. So it's kind of more around that. Yeah. >> Yeah. That's a right concern I would say. >> Now considering the time I'm wondering if Elliot can manage in one minute to ask a question and the answer the question. >> my first question was probably going to be around security. I know in Australia there was a lot of discussions over when the medical records tried to go digital. So it is an issue that people quite feel quite strongly about. And it would be good to see maybe even like a story board of how the users and the practitioners will use that in the system. And as Cheryl said, it was a bit of a bombardment of information for people who aren't as knowledgeable on sort of computer sciences and dentistry. So maybe introducing some of those terms in a bit simpler way would really help us understand those better. But yeah, I did understand it by the end as well of sort of which implants were which and stuff like that. So great job guys. >> Thank you. >> You're on mute better. >> Thank you so much the judges. That is the very useful and important comments. So I guess this is the pitch for the investors. So if you don't sell the idea to the investors then they might struggle you know providing the funding to you. So but good job, great job, great topic and thank you so much. So I guess we are going to ask Sharil to invite the second finalist and then one member of that. >> there we go. So the clocks