# VIDEO: Design for Change: Showcase 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-01

you, Nick. >> Can you guys see that? >> Yes. >> My name is Alex and I was one of the hardware developers. >> My name is Jackson Simmons and I was also one of the hardware developers on the project. >> I'm Chundan and I'm the developer for this project. Hi, I'm Ben CK and I'm a front-end developer. >> Hi, I'm Nick French. I'm a front-end developer and we're a part of Leader, an innovative way to make composting easy and accessible to households or businesses with little to no gardening experience. In Australia, nearly 7. 6 million tons of food is wasted per year. That amounts to approximately 312 kilos per person on average. 80% of this waste is sent to landfill, creating 3% of our total emissions. That's equivalent to nearly 13 million tons of carbon dioxide annually or as much as Australia's highest emitting coal fired power station. When organic waste is left to decompose in landfill, it doesn't get the proper aation it needs, reducing methane and carbon dioxide gases. If more households composted, we would drastically reduce the waste going to landfill. But there's a catch. Typical household composting takes months to complete, often resulting in more food waste being produced than can be composted. Our client found that by optimizing the carbon to nitrogen levels of the input and using a closed in vessel system, this total composting cycle can be reduced to just 60 days. This is where Lita comes in. An in vessel composting system fully automated by IoT, producing a carefree highquality composting solution for households. Lita creates a controlled environment for the food processing microorganisms to thrive in. It achieves this through the automated rotation of each chamber, aation of compost, and proper heat insulation. By expanding on the previous work of last year's students, we've been able to take our client vision even further. We've improved on the existing Arduino Raspberry Pi IoT solution with more sensors and controls, allowing us to collect more data about oxygen, carbon dioxide, methane, temperature, and moisture levels of each installed compartment, while also providing the system more micromanagement control by the use of air pumps and motorized paddles. Information collected throughout the composting life cycle is uploaded to the cloud, allowing consumers to view details about the process anywhere in the world. This information is displayed on the Lita mobile app, providing real-time sensor readouts, graphs of current and previous composting life cycles, and system logs when compost is mixed or airated, giving customers a piece of mind that their composting system is working, while also providing some educational insight into what's going on. The mobile application is built using React Native, suitable for Android or iOS, making easily accessible to everyone, no matter what type of device they use. With Fleeter, we believe we can provide households with a carefree composting system without the tedious maintenance or knowledge required for typical home composting, allowing Australia to start reducing his overall household waste and get us on track for a greener future. Cool. >> Thank you so much. And now we are open again to the judges. >> Great stuff. , I'll go first. Will I Elliot? Sorry. Real quick. , good stuff. Really like I like how we've got hardware developers and we've got front-end developers in this. That was pretty cool. Bringing the team together to create something real and we could see it demoed and those kind of things. It's got a really clear obviously link back to the those real purposeful things that we're trying to solve here. In terms of you know making the world better and those kinds of things I guess and I really liked you know how you showed the how the technology works in terms of IO pretty clearly. , what I'm curious about is, , have you thought about, , how you kind of make this proposition viable from kind of a or attractive from a cost perspective for kind of businesses and households. It's kind of really clear what the climate benefits are and why people would want to do it, but there might need to be a bit of a niche around how that works for both businesses and because I think at the beginning you said businesses as well as homes. So I'm curious to know if what your thoughts are around that. Yeah. So I think our client's vision is to kind of package it up as kind of an app and then obviously the hardware and the actual prototype and then give that to a customer either that's home or businesses or something could use it. And then they kind of just I guess connect it to the internet and see the requirement and then their phone would connect up through cloud somehow. So it's going to be kind of all packaged inside the prototype. In terms of like ongoing costs and stuff, we have to work that out. But >> yeah, >> got you. But kind of like an appliance, right? >> Yeah. Yep. Exactly. >> Y that you package up and Okay. Very good. And the only other thing I'd say is I got a little bit confused when I saw lots of plastic bottles in the pictures when it was about composting, but it was all about the whole let's do the right thing about recycling. So that was that was still all cool. >> Thank you, >> Elliot. >> Thank you, Sher. Thank you, Elliot. >> Hey. , great job. , it was very well presented. I liked the as same as Cheryl, the hardware was in there. , the app was in there and you demonstrated the use of it a bit. So, it really gave it a lot of context. , and I think it's all in all it's a great thing that would be if it were to become real, it would be a really great thing for people to understand a bit more about it and also just sort of cut out that huge amount of waste that we have in the going into landfill. I know I grew up composting my whole life and it is a lot of work and there's a lot of things that you need to know about it as well. So yeah I really resonate with that. So yeah great job. Thank you. >> So are you planning if this comes to be commercial are you going to purchase that leader with automated you know inversal composer Elliot? It would be a lot more convenient. Because yeah, it stinks. It's not fun to work with. So I understand why a lot of people don't do it. >> so yeah, making that process a lot smoother will probably encourage a lot more people to do it. >> Okay, sounds good. All right. So now with this last session for the Q&A, I think this bring us to where I need to act. And please be patient because this is the first time I'm going to break make the breakout rooms using teams. So I'm going to invite Elliot and Sharil to stay in breakout rooms. Allocated 15 minutes but I know if you can make a decision let's say in 5 minutes 10 minutes please join us you can join automatically at least I try to I just need to assign and then meanwhile we are going to have Elliot and Cheriel in the breakout rooms the part we in the main room we are going to have a presentation a short presentation. I'm just looking to see if I can we are going to have a presentation. Fiona is going to present. Can you tell me if you see did you >> Yeah, we've been invited. We'll join there now. >> All right. Good. I'm successful. All right. Now Elliot, you're here still. Oh, good. So now I think we are going to Meanwhile, Elliot and Shariel are going to decide who is the winner of the design for change 2022. Again, I want to say thank you to all of the you know finalists. You're all the winner to me. I guess the amount of time and efforts you put and this time you coming to the live showcase that is your old champion and of course just with the purpose of this competition we have one winner but please you are going you're great. So Fiona could you please update us with the amazing glitter program what it is and this finalist they all can apply for it. Thank you. Thank you so much, beta. And I want to say that I really enjoyed watching those presentations. I was I they were very professionally done. So congratulations. So I don't know how much you know about the emerging leader. This has just asked me to talk for five maybe 10 minutes. I'll try and keep it fairly brief. This