really valued what she done and obviously she had a range of wonderful skills. But the deciding factor she told me because employer told her afterwards was the fact that she had this additional program that she'd been involved in. So if you're interested in finding out about more you can either take a screenshot and send me an email. That particular link will take you straight through to the emerging leader portal. Look, based on what I've seen tonight, I would love to see you sign up for the emerging leader program because I think it will really round out what you're doing and you'll have that formal acknowledgement on your transcript and really help you as a person. So hopefully Bisa, I've made it within the time frame. >> Thank you so much. Thank you so much Fiona. All in on time. So we promised that at 5:55 we are going to announce the winner. So now we have Sheril and Elliot. So I guess I would like if you have any general feedback for the three teams and you know some advice and then we are going to have the announcement for the winner of the design for change 2022 and then we are all going hopefully to turn on our video for a few seconds. I can take a screenshot and then that is the end of the event. >> Thanks VA. I guess I guess we talked through we had a bunch of our questions during you know the sessions before. I'd just like to say I think they were all awesome. I was really honored to be actually be and a bit excited to see what the what you young brains are doing and what we've got to look forward to. So, I think you've all done an excellent job and it was a really hard decision to actually pick out of the three of you. >> , I reiterate Cheryl's comments. , all three teams did a really good job. , the composting system was really well thought out. , had a lot of information in there that was easy to understand. The trucking system it was again really easy to understand and something that I can really see making a lot of change and helping something that's quite annoying at times. And the dentistry was something that I hadn't ever thought of but obviously it is quite a big problem. So, , well done on all of those, , , projects. , but all that aside, , I would like to congratulate Nicholas, Alexander, , Trung, Ben, and Jackson, , with their leader composting system for winning, , this year's competition. >> Thank you. >> Well done. So, thank you so much, the judging panel. Again congratulation to all of the finalists to us you're all the winner and I really appreciate if now I know that we are about to finish if you can kindly if it's possible you're in the environment that you can turn on your video for a few seconds and I'm going to wait for everyone to turn on the video then we can have a screenshot as a memory of the design for change 2022. So the I'm just waiting for the rest of the students. So the competitors so the story of success for the team who work with the leader as a design solution. So is going to be considered I'm going to be in contact with you. The this what is the certificate of participation is going to be handed to all of you and yeah well done so I promise that doesn't take time so okay three two one smile okay I think I'm going to test it if I happy with the quality so then that is going to be the end of our session. So I think all good. Thank you so much. So now we are at the end and end of the meeting. So I would like to again appreciate our industry partner Charil on behalf of the insurance Australia group, Elliot on behalf of the and the factory design and our industry partner as well. And of course I would like to also appreciate Castelen and Elliot as my collaborator and Irene from Sarowak and Donna introducing all of this project promoting in the class. So very well done. So looking forward to have more students in 2023. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Thank you everyone. >> Thank you everyone. Thank you. >> Thanks. Thank you.