# VIDEO: Design for Change: Showcase 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-01

purpose of this competition we have one winner but please you are going you're great. So Fiona could you please update us with the amazing glitter program what it is and this finalist they all can apply for it. Thank you. Thank you so much, beta. And I want to say that I really enjoyed watching those presentations. I was I they were very professionally done. So congratulations. So I don't know how much you know about the emerging leader. This has just asked me to talk for five maybe 10 minutes. I'll try and keep it fairly brief. This is a optional program that you can enroll in Swimburn and I strongly encourage you to do it particularly based on the quality of what I've just seen. So emerging leader is a program that gives you recognition for a diverse range of experiences you're probably already involved in and it gives you an opportunity to document the activities and what you actually do was you'll get actual formal recognition. So you'll receive a digital certificates and really importantly when you complete the emerging leader program which is made up of four certificates is actually shown on your academic transcript and research has shown that when you go for job interviews employers actually look at and ask students questions about what is the emerging leader program. So let's just go through and have a quick look. So what does an emerging leader mean? So it means it's helping you to have a better understanding of what it is not only that you want from your career but about your actual your purpose in life. It can help develop your self-belief, your motivation and it's about helping you to build resilience by embracing challenges and that can also help to give you confidence. So anyone can apply. So, all currently enrolled students can apply to be involved in the emerging leader program. , you do need to be aware of that if this is your, you know, if you've got your last semester coming up, you need to have applied for all certificates and finished your program before you actually graduate. So, what is the alerting emerging leader program? So there are four leadership categories or certificates and there you have to display six skills. So there are eight different types of leadership categories or certificates. Only one of them is mandatory that's career development and then the other three that you can choose. So, we're actually I'm going to talk very briefly tonight how what you've been involved in with your competition can go towards a campus participation. For those of you who might have done an internship or a part-time job, could apply for industry experience or even one of the ones we just saw there may even be involved in the sustainability if you're involved in a sustainability club at university or in some sort of sustainability activities. And then as well as having four leadership certificates, you actually need to demonstrate six skills and there are 10 skills there and you choose which of those you want to have a look at. We'll just go through them very quickly. So these are the different categories. There's a little bit of information about each of the categories or the certificates. So career development is mandatory if you are and we'll have a look at this in a moment. There's one of the units that you do within one of the science units where you can actually by successfully completing that unit you'll actually be eligible to receive this certificate which then leaves you with three more. So there's usually 40 or 50 hours involved in completing these. So let's just have a look at an example of how you might plan for an emerging leader. So for those of you who will either be doing or have done the communication for scientists, this actually by successfully completing this and I think it's assessment tasks two and three from memory or three and four. You won't need to actually apply because your unit coordinator visa will actually send me a list of all the students who pass. You'll that'll be uploaded automatically to the emerging leader program. So you'll probably get an email that says hey if you haven't already please apply and then there's one certificate done. So this is just an example. You can choose any four categories or four certificates that you want to do. I've just shown an example here of someone who might have chosen we have to do career development. Then you've got an industry experience as I said whether it's a part-time job. It's an internship. It's something that's involved in a work. You'll provide some evidence of a pay slip perhaps. And then you might choose an ability, you know, a particular skill like ability to tackle unfamiliar problems. You write what's called a star reflection which is usually two to 300 words on each skill that you're doing and then you submit that we've got sustainability for example and then the campus participation. So you may have taken part in any competition like tonight or the start talking competition something which involved a lot of work that is also aims to help other swimburn students as well as benefiting swimburn. As evidence we have what's called an activity declaration form that can be signed by your supervisor. You'd identify your skills. So, I think one of the things that I wanted to let you know is that some of the things that you're already perhaps doing on campus or volunteering in the community or if you're a member of your local sports club association, not just a member, but you're a committee member or you're volunteering to help someone develop a website. These are things that you can use towards your emerging leader program. Sorry, I should have shown you those. All right, so what's the process? So, you actually register and I'll show you the link at the end. You decide which four certificates you're going to complete. You add your activities. So there's a whole range on the emerging leader website as to the some examples of activities you can do. You'll add it with the evidence to the emerging leader portal. So just a note the activities have to have been undertaken while you're at a Swimburn student and within the past two years. You can only count an activity once. So if you're say for example using competition and you're applying for the campus participation, you couldn't then use it for something else. You write a star what's called a star skill reflection and then you'll upload it to the emerging leader portal. You will need to be careful that there is a deadline you know at least a few weeks before you're due to finish your course. So main benefits well there's several benefits. One is it really enhances your employability. So employers want to know more about you than just what you've studied at university. So these certificates that you'll receive you'll get digital certificates. You can actually add them to LinkedIn. They will actually go on your AC you'll get a acknowledgement on your academic transcript and really importantly they help prepare you for your job applications and interviews because most interviews today have behavioral questions like tell me a time when you worked or tell us a time when you've had difficulty working in a team. And by doing the star reflections, these actually help prepare you. They give you good responses that you can use in an interview. So it actually does provide you with a point of difference. So research that we took a few years ago showed that emerging leaders are more likely to be employed after graduation, 92% as opposed to 81% in our control group. Emerging leaders by doing a range of activities tend to become more confident because they're putting themselves in different situations so they can develop leadership skills and employers really value the experience oops of being an emerging leader very positively and almost or over 43% of emerging leaders were directly asked about their program on their resume and transcript and I actually had one of my old students who was letting me know that she actually got the job because her employer really valued what she done and obviously she had a range of wonderful skills. But the deciding factor she told me because employer told her afterwards was the fact that she had this additional program that she'd been involved in. So if you're interested in finding out about more you can either take a screenshot and send me an email. That particular link will take you straight through to the emerging leader portal. Look, based on what I've seen tonight, I would love to see you sign up for the emerging leader program because I think it will really round