# VIDEO: Tien Tran (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-08-18

Hello everyone, my name is Minten and today I want to talk with you about the hydrogen energy. Most specifically focusing on the way to storage and transportation of hydrogen. Firstly I have a question for you. How long do you think that we can produce energy by keep burning fossil fuels? 10 years, 20 years, 100 years, but it can't be forever. That's why we need to fight a more sustainable energy and that's renewable energy. Actually, we have been use some type of renewable energy for a long time such as the solar energy or the wind energy. But they all have problem that if fluctuation depend on the season or region and especially they cannot storage or transport like fossil fuel. So hydrogen energy is a solution. So what is hydrogen energy? Simply hydrogen energy is use of hydrogen to generate energy. Energy from hydrogen can be electricity, heat or power. But the basic reaction is that we use hydrogen to combine with oxygen and the final product is just water. Really friendly to the environment. However, there's one big problem for the hydrogen that is hard to store or transport in a large amount because hydrogen is a gas in normal condition and especially it's easy to explode like this. Wow, it's so scary, right? So, one of the traditional way to store hydrogen is you liquid hydrogen. It means we will use high pressure and low temperature to transfers hydrogen from gas to the liquid and put it in storage. However, it has so many limitations such as it require expensive material to make special storage tank or it will cost much energy to keep high pressure and low temperature. H I guess after the information many of you will not support hydrogen anymore. But >> hold up wait a minute. >> Luckily scientists have find new way to deal with this problem that is using the LT technology. LC is standing for the liquid organic hydrogen carrier. H it's so complicated but basically we'll use an oil like organic compound that can chemically buy hydrogen into it structure and later it can release hydrogen back for usage. Let's take an example. For example, I have delicious oranges and I want to give it to my friend but he is so far. In this case, oranges is an example of the hydrogen. So to deal with that, I just need to take a back. A bag is example of the L O S put in it and then send it to my friend. Later my friend can easily take the oranges out and can reuse the bag later. This is also a feature of the LC as it can be reusable. Really awesome. This technology has so many benefits. Firstly, it will make hydrogen more safety. This is an experiment about the safety of using LG. As I have showed before, norly with just a small fire, hydrogen can be explosion. But when it's stored in LG, it's really safe and stable under the normal condition. So, it's suitable for onboard storage, transportation or usage. More than that because LC is very similar to oil or DSO is suitable with the existing infrastructure that have been built for the liquid fuels. So it can be applied without building a new whole system. Let's imagine in the future if you want to get hydrogen fuel for your car, you just need to make a call to order and then it will ship directly to your home. Really convenient. Finally, this technology is still have so many potential for the future development. For example, currently scientists are focusing on how to make the unpack and back hydrogen reaction more effective. On the other side, they are also finding the most suitable LOC compound because we have so many candidates such as this one, this one, this one or this one, this one, this one. The most suitable OSC candidate should be have low cost, safety and especially has high storage capacity. So hopefully with this technology hygen can be replaced for the fossil fuel in the future. Thank you for watching.