# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Express (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

, format for what we're intending. I'm quite liking MP4s cuz it is best for video. And you can choose your resolution size. I'm going to choose this one just cuz it's going to take less time to download for this example. And it's going to download. It does take a while to download and for the purpose of time sake I'm not going to down not going to show the full download. However, I assure you it does download and it will download as an MP4 on your computer and you can do what you want with that there. Another thing I'm just going to cancel download for the sake, but another thing you can do is you can share your project or your video directly from here. , if you invite someone who also has Adobe Express , installed on their computer, they can actually edit this video with you. So, if it's a group project, you can invite , using the emails , or add people here. , you can just type in their names and find it. , I'm going to type in my I don't have the email of anyone right here available right now, but once you type in someone there, you should be able to click add and then they should be able to edit it with you. So that's really useful if it's a team project. , you can, , also if you only want people to view, , the project but, , with a link but not, , edit it themselves, , you can go copy link. , I'm just going to go anyone with the link and anyone with the link can edit. So, this is another way you can share. So, copy link. Link's been copied. I'll test it out and see how it works. There you go. It just takes you to the express page again. And then you can edit it as a group, which I find really, really helpful. And everything's just loading. And we're back now. So, that's essentially the basics of it. And I would encourage you to explore the different nuances and more complex elements. And I'd encourage you if you get confused with anything just to give it a go and see if you can figure it out. Come back, refer to this video if you need. And of course if you get stuck we're book a free Adobe session. We're we're here to help you. We're here to anything if you think it's a stupid problem. I assure you it's not a stupid problem. Any problem that you have, anything you want to learn, anything you want to add regarding Adobe Express, we are here to help you out and everything automatically saves. So don't worry too much about that. If you go back to your express page over here, you just loading you can see in your stuff that everything is automatically saved. So I can just click in that. You don't need to save it, which I find pretty neat. , is there anything you wanted me to add in particular or had any questions again? >> , no Talia, that was fantastic. Thank you. So, , round of applause for you. , excellent session. Thank you so much. , so we can leave it there.