there. So once you have logged in to Adobe Express, you should be greeted with a page that looks like this. And this is the website Express. And not only do they have video formats, they have photo, document, social media, and web page format. So it's really a wide range of different media that you can explore here. But today, we're just going to do the video side. So to create a video, we're going to click the plus button up here. We're going to click video and you have some options here. We're going to click this video option that is widescreen. So we're greeted with a blank page here. But to upload a video or add video, there's two ways to do that. You can either upload a video that you have on your computer already or you can insert a video that Adobe has already made for you with Adobe Stock. So essentially they're stock videos. So we're going to start with the first option which is adding our own video. So I'm going to click add media over here and we're going to upload from our device. So anything that's stored on my computer I can use. , so I just have this video saved here and , although it may not be relevant this video to your exact prototype , pitch for design for change, , hopefully it still gives you the idea using this video for example of how you can use , the technical sides of Adobe Express to create your pitch and video. So now we've imported the video over here. , and as you can see, , our video's shown, the duration of it is over here. We can click this handle over here to go to and from our video very slowly, or we can rewind it. And you can see over here, this button shows where you are in your video. Or we can just click the play button, and that will make our video play at full speed. There we go. So you can see this video is imported in slow-mo. But we can also combine videos and edit them together. So one can play after the other. And how we can do that is we can click add scene over here. And that will add another video scene. And you can think of them like puzzle pieces almost. You can have a video here and then a video follows after it. And we'll show you how to rearrange and adjust them later. So, because I've already shown you how to insert a video from your desktop, I'm going to use the example of using a stock video instead. So, we can go into our media over here and click video over here. And you can see we're presented with a bunch of videos from Adobe Xtock, which under your Swimbun license are all copyright free to use. And we can also search for a video if we want a specific thing we're looking for. So perhaps I want to search up prototype. And you can see the durations of all the videos over here. And you can hover over them to preview. So I'm just going to insert this one for example. Click. And now it's in. You can see that there's a white border over here. So we want to get rid of that. To do that, we can just click on the video and we can adjust the borders. Going to make it a little bit bigger. So now if I see if I just click here, you can see the two videos play one after the other. Now let's get on to adjusting the video. So if you click on the video over here that we have, you can see we have an options for adjustments. We can adjust the volume. This video does not come with volume, but however, if it did, you can use the volume bar over here to adjust that. You can also adjust the speed. If you want it to slow down or speed up, you can do that with percentages. Another one that I quite like is the corners option. If you wanted your the corners of your video to have a little bit more roundness, you can do that by upping the button over here. And you can adjust the video over here in the adjustments button. And this is essentially you can color grain and color correct the video. So if I wanted more contrast, add up the contrast. Want more saturation, add up the saturation, etc. So, it's quite customizable. , you can adjust the video length. So, I'm going to see how long this I'm going to go back to this video for that. , and I can see that it is 18 seconds long. , if I scroll to the end, , if I can either adjust that from the beginning or the end of the video. So, if I wanted to cut a little bit of the end of the video out, I can just click on the end of the video and scroll back a little bit and it'll show me how long the video is once I've cut that end part out. So, maybe I want it to be quite a small video. And I can click on it to go to 10 seconds. And maybe I want to cut a bit of the top, too. So maybe I want to cut 5 seconds from the top. So now if I play now, you'll see that the video is 5 seconds long. , and then it will go into the next clip or video. There we go. , so now I'm going to move on to text and elements. So over here you can see that there's a bunch of tabs and we've gone from the media tab which where we can upload photos, videos and audios and now we can upload text or import text. So you can see there's a bunch of templates here if you would like to use them. And I think I will use them cuz they're quite stylish and you can adjust them as you please. So, I can just click on it, import it, and I can move it around as I please. And I can click over here onto the layers, which I will get into more. And might take a bit to just double click some of the templates. , because they have a lot of layers, it's a bit hard to edit the text. I'm going to click rewrite and h there we go. There we go. Just took a bit of clicks, but now we're here. So, I might say this is my prototype. I might just delete this. And edit a little bit. So that goes down there. Again, once you click on something, the item will show a bunch of customizable options. So you can see once I've clicked on the text here, you can see I can adjust the text. I can change the fill of the text. I can change the color of it. I can change the layout of it. If I wanted it to be a circle, it can be a circle. Change the opacity of it, size of it, really anything. I kind of want it to be centered, I believe, cuz I think that'll look the best. So, I'm going to align this to center. Maybe make it a little bit smaller. So, I've got my text here, and you can kind of see there's different things going on. There's text, but there's also a background here. And you can see in the layers panel that if I click on here, you can see that there's multiple layers. So, , the layers act as a hierarchy, essentially, a visual hierarchy. So, if I wanted my, , blue bubble to be on the top, you can see it's on the bottom. If I move it up here, you can see it's covering now the text. And if I move it, you can see the text underneath. So, , keep in mind that, , with the layers, you can really order the visual elements as you please. I'm going to move this these two to the center. And another thing you can add is elements. So these are just visual elements that can elevate your the look and visuals of your pitch. So perhaps I want to view my brushes and maybe I can add a brush over here. If I click on it, I can move it over here to the side, make it bigger, and maybe I just for keeping in the same form, I'll add the same brush and I'll add it over here. And I can rotate it a little bit as well. Clicking on and clicking the rotate. And that'll rotate it around. So that's texts and