add is elements. So these are just visual elements that can elevate your the look and visuals of your pitch. So perhaps I want to view my brushes and maybe I can add a brush over here. If I click on it, I can move it over here to the side, make it bigger, and maybe I just for keeping in the same form, I'll add the same brush and I'll add it over here. And I can rotate it a little bit as well. Clicking on and clicking the rotate. And that'll rotate it around. So that's texts and elements. And as you can see over here with our layers, we've got quite a few layers over here. , and we can move them around for to look at the hierarchy of them. , and see which one is placed on top of each other. , another cool thing is that you can add photos, audios, or you can add videos on top of videos. So, let's just say you were speaking and you had a video of you speaking, but you wanted another video of you in the background. So, hypothetically, what you can do, and I'm just going to use a template I meant a stock video for this example, is I could imagine this was you. I could add you in here. I could shorten this. Excuse me. There we go. Just drag it in there so it doesn't replace the other video. And if I play here, the two videos play at the same time. And if you wanted to record yourself and remove your background, you can click here and you can click remove background. It's not 100% accurate and it won't be 100% accurate every time, but I encourage you to give it a try and see if it works because if it does work, then it only benefits you. But it does take a few minutes to load. , do any of you in the call have any questions so far of where we're at or want me to reiterate anything so far that we've explored before I continue? >> No, Talia, that sounds good. I think keep going. >> Okay, great. So, as you can see over here, the backgrounds removed pretty seamlessly, , almost professionally in a sense, and the two videos will play at the same time. You can see now that the video when I click this another layer pops up here. And again with the layers you can adjust each layer individually on the timeline and extend and shorten the length. So to make sure you're doing that, you will have to make sure you're in selected layer view instead of scene view. Scene view was quite similar. However, it only shows the scene blocks. Whereas when you go into layer view, you can kind of get more intricate with the specific elements of your scene one by one. So if I click on this you can see and make sure you have show layer timing on. You can see that this pops up and this specific layer. And now I can adjust the duration of it if I please. So you can see it only goes to this duration cuz that's how long the video is. But if I wanted to shorten it, I could shorten it here. And if I play this, you can see it disappears at that point in the video. And you can do this with all your other elements to the video too. If you wanted them to pop in and show up at certain points. So if I wanted my prototype to pop up a few seconds in, I can do that, too. , now what we're missing from these videos, , as you might guess, is sound. So, there's a few ways you can import sound. And if you do import a video with sound, the sound will, , come with it. But if you wanted to separately import your own sound, there are a few ways we can do this. So, , if you wanted to upload an MP4 or a sound file, , you can do that the same way that we uploaded this movie. So, just have it on your computer. You can click the upload here or you can click add audio over here and click upload from device. You have a few options and modes pathways to upload it. Or I can I believe up the stock has a few sound effects here which I'm going to use again all licensed. I can preview them by clicking the play button. Quite like the first one. I'm just going to drag and drop that in here. And that music is going to play all throughout my video. I'm also going to reorder this, , which I can do pretty easily by just dragging this, clicking and dragging, and moving it to the end cuz I like this video to be at the front. So, that is another thing you can do. You can rate what videos. I might click play. >> And I can see that's a bit loud. So, I'm going to adjust the audio a little bit down. And you see you can also have fade in the audio. So, that will gradually get louder at the beginning. So, it won't abruptly start and you can fade out. So, maybe I can adjust the fade in direction duration to maybe 3 seconds. See how that sounds. Quite like that. , so that's music. And again, you can adjust the music. It has its own layer. You can move it around. , make sure you're in again selected layer view for that. If you're in scene view, , it's not going to pop up. , another thing we can add apart from music is a voice over. So if we go to audio and record voice over, we can record our voice directly from the computer directly in this app. So I'm going to test that out right now. Click record voice over. Allow. And start my recording. Hello. This is my prototype pitch. Welcome to my prototype. And before I click play, you can see that I made a little spelling mistake there. Prototypal. So, I'm just going to fix that. And now I'm going to click play and hear how I sound. Hello. This is my prototype pitch. Welcome to my prototype. There we go. If I wanted to split anything audio clip or clips in two to part them, I can do that pretty simply by hovering my mouse over where I want it. So maybe there are two thing two sentences I say in this. Maybe I want to keep one sentence there and move it the other sentence somewhere later in the video. I can do that by this is my prototype pitch. I want my sentence to end there. , let's say prototype pitch and then I can right click on here. , should be able to split it. , split. So, hover over where you want it to split. I'm going to figure out exactly where I want it to split again. And then click these three dots. And you can do this for the videos or any other elements a layer too. Click split. Now it's two separate clips and I can move them individually. So if I wanted a bit of a pause here between them, I can move that. So easily editable. If you have if you save something and you make a mistake, you can cut it out. You can move it around. You can really do anything that you want. So let's see how that sounds. Hello. This is my prototype pitch. Welcome to my prototype again with the not just music but you can also fade in and fade out dialogue as well which is really great and quite useful. So we're going to go now to uploading our video. , as you can see, , my video right now, it's not a prototype pitch, but, , just imagine the features that I've showed you and, , the possibilities to create a prototype pitch. So, we can download our video now by clicking download. And you can choose which file format you want. , so it shows you which is best , format for what we're intending. I'm quite liking MP4s cuz it is best for video. And you can choose your resolution size. I'm going to choose this one just cuz it's going to take less time to download for this example. And it's going to download. It does take a while to download and for the purpose of time sake I'm not going to down not going to show the full download. However, I assure you it does download and it will download as an MP4 on your computer and you can do what you want with that there.