That's >> Hello everyone. Welcome today to our design for change express video workshop. And I'd like to thank everyone who's come along to share your enthusiasm and to learn the fabulous skills that the Adobe Hub impart on us for today for learning about Express. So I'll begin with an acknowledgement of country. , we pay homage to Australia's original storytellers who remind us that storytelling is about deep listening. We recognize Australia's First Nations people for their ongoing connection to storytelling, country, culture, and community. And we respectfully acknowledge the traditional owners of the land upon which you're all variously situated today and recognize that it was never seated. And so, , many of you today are located in Warjury land. So we acknowledge the Wandery people of the Cooland nation and I'm joining you from Waterang Land. So thank you for that and so now we will introduce Bera Zephranu who is our leader in this project and who is managing the design for change process. So I'll hand this over to you beta. >> Thank you so much Carolene. So I guess I would like to also welcome everyone to the workshop. Of course that workshop is going to be covered by Talia but this is the agenda for today. So we are going to introduce the design for change competition 2025 and of course that will be covered today is the second workshop Adobe express for video production. If this video production is part of your assignment or if it's the four minute video as part of the design for change competitions which I will explain shortly then you are in the right place and you're welcome to join us and stay with us and engage with us. So Talia will be here to introduce herself after me and demonstrate all the key functions that you need to make an inspiring video. So with that I would like to go to a bit of intro to the design for change competition. So this is about us a group of passionate educators who have a vision to make a world a better place to live. For that we would like to invite you our students from Australia and Sarowak and beyond to join and share their design prototype idea as a solution to a real world challenge as a product that you can be proud of that product and of course we are going to be proud too because that can be something that you can apply your discipline knowledge. So the entry is a 4-minute video. It could be an individual who create the 4m minute. It could be a group of students as a team from multidisciplinary area that they create this four minutes. So to pitch their again their design and their prototype solution to address a challenge. And of course we have our industry partners, we have our collaborators and we have a judging criteria that Talia just presented. So you're welcome to follow up on that. We are going to share this recording with you. If you have any concern, you can come with us. But I think that will take us to the next slide where again this is the second workshop. We are going to invite you to come to our third workshop which is on 5th of May and that is when our industry partner kindly offer a guest speaker to cover that startup pitch presentation which is slightly different to what we are offering to our training in our discipline or in academia. So the audience is going to be some like investors who are interested in your solution or in your design solution. So that would be something in addition to your knowledge and that would be something that and a 4minut video of all of these aspects is going to be an entry to my email address by 30th of May and we are going to have a selected videos which meet the criteria for you know the competitions are going to be showcased with the presence of our collabor celebrities and the judging panel. Again, we have a connection with the industry that extended networking connecting you to the industry. It's helping you to be empowered with something that it's required maybe for your potential employees or something that the industry needs. And that's why we want you to have an opportunity to practice and learn from your by doing something learn and of course we always have a you know everyone is coming attending there are to us there are winners and they are champions but we are going to have a best selected video which is going to achieve up to 400 bucks And all of the finalists are going to receive a certificate of participation and we are going to publish a story of success for your innovative design idea. And with that it's we are coming to the again that summary. If you have any concern, if you're interested for design for change 2025, you can reach out to me and I'm happy to share the additional knowledge with you or you can just be in contact with Adobe team. So today is going to be a video production but beyond what we are going to learn from Talia today. She will inform you how to be in contact with the Adobe coaches and their amazing professional services to help you to shine on your assignment or your inspiring video in this competition. Thank you so much and joining you Talia. So if you can please introduce yourself and take us to the Adobe Express. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. , so my name is Talia and I'm an Adobe coach here at Swinburn, which essentially means my job here is to help you and support you with anything Adobe related. , so today I'm going to be going through how to use Adobe Express videos, which will be very relevant to the creation of your pitch. Before we start though, I would like to go through some of the ways that the Adobe Hub here at Swinburn can support you. So if you ever have any issues or want to learn something or have any questions to get in contact with us, you can either email us at adobehubinburn. Edu. Auu AU or you can book a one-on-one free 30 minute session and essentially you can come chat with us for 30 minutes anything Adobe related and we'll help you out. We have a location on level 3 of the library. However, if you are not in the Hawthorne campus, we do bookings online. , so anywhere in the world we can help you out and we are available for bookings Tuesdays to Thursdays 11:00 a. M. To 2:00 p. M. , we also have a Canvas unit which has essentially a bunch of tutorials for people beginner, intermediate, and advanced on essentially all of the Adobe apps. So if you want to in your own time learn something new there, feel free to check that out. And we also have an Instagram Adobe Hub Instagram if you want to check us out there and see what we're up to. Have some tutorials and updates on the Adobe Hub. So let's get into Express. So I'm going to show you how to log in. So if you search up Adobe Express online, the first option that comes up over here should be what you click on. And this page should come up and you can sign in over here by clicking sign in. Once that loads your login details, you will have an account automatically created if you are a student at Swinburn and it's just your Swinburn email and Swinburn password that you have created. If you do have any issues after this and you've entered your email and your password, however, it comes up with you do not have access to Adobe Express, please email it. They may be able to help you out. This does occasionally happen sometimes because of some errors here and there and some students accidentally click personal account instead of school or business account which will disable your access to the suite that Swidburn has given you. So contact it and they should be able to easily help you out there. So once you have logged in to Adobe Express, you should be greeted with a page that looks like this. And this is the website Express. And not only do they have video formats, they have photo, document, social media, and web page format. So it's really a wide range of different media that you can explore here. But today, we're just going to do the video side. So to create a video, we're going to click the plus button up here. We're going to click video and you have some options here. We're going to click this video