# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Express Video (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

there right now for the audio. , now if you want to I haven't tried before but with the audio like adding audio on top of audio I that I can >> I think K what you just explained about splitting the audio that was a very good advice because sometimes a students are coming to intro start the video. >> then they start talking about the concept and we want the audio the background audio to be you know so their voice should be the one that main the dominant one. So that way they can adjust the volume of the audio like a background audio once they are talking they can reduce the volume and once that the talking finish so that they can make it a bit kind of >> exciting I'm just seeing I think the record voice over I think that this feature is really good if you say you've missed something or you're currently in post editing, so you want to like add your voice to some graphics and stuff, you can add your voice over here. , I do I this is a kind of new feature, so I'm not too sure if it works with the music in the frame. It's something that you'll have to test out and play around with for now. , now with the layering, say I would suggest if you want to do audio like an interview or something, I suggest using the audio from the interview and the video and that way you can adjust the music separately because right now I'm not sure if Adobe Express gives you gives you the option to actually layer audio just because it's only kind of a simple editing software. It's >> a beginner software. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. , so yeah, that's that's that and again you have options to use elements as well. So all this stuff is there anything else you wanted covered from questions or anything like that bit? So I think yeah so we cover like the photo that we see in on the medium. So I think you did we cover that photo. So I can see photos, videos, audios here in the website. >> Yeah. So photos, sorry. Yeah, photos are just like text. You click on a photo that you like or that you want to upload from your device. You just click on that photo. There we go. You click on the photo. I'm just going to use a template from here. And it'll add it to the screen. Now, if you don't want it to be on top of your video or on top of this video, just kind of you just copy Ctrl C, go to the layer that you want it on, and then Ctrl + V. Ideally, you would import your image on the layer that you want the image to be on. So, if I didn't want it to be on this slide, I want it to be on this slide, I be I have to be on this slide. So, I don't have to do the Ctrl + V. But, you know, sometimes you don't have your player head on the right spot. That's how you get it on the right spot. He just controls the >> again sometimes in the area in that I'm working like with the science we always ask a students to come up with the references to their you know what they are offering. So I think a screenshot of the literature with the title which is related to what they are offering it could be a good evidence. So that can be in any screenshot that once you're talking about it. So you can present that image as a background >> in your recording. So that can be the evidence or any data or any graphical data that can be added. So you want to say that for example lung cancer is the first like in Australia and you have a graph representing that. So you can bring that image that can that data that can be the evidence of what you're explaining. So yeah. >> Yeah. Exactly. And say for example it's not great. Say this is my graph for example and I have a lot of white space around my graph and I don't want that. I just double click. Again, you can adjust it manually or you can click on one of the presets and you can crop it just like that. That looks good. I just click on the side here and then I All right. Okay. I'm talking. I'm talking. Okay. This is where I wanted to come up. Here I move my timeline. So, you can see the number to 9. 5 seconds. And I was like, okay, I don't just want it to appear out of nowhere. So, I'm going to add a animation. So, I'm going to have spin animation. So, oh, I'm mentioning the Oh, my background's gone by accident. I must have deleted it. There we go. And that's your cool graph coming up just like that. And it will disappear the moment the other slide starts because again this is kind of like a group. You can think of it like a group. And this here down here is kind of its parents if that makes sense. >> So whatever you apply to this layer here will apply to all of the children above it. >> That makes sense. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Cool. Yeah. So we'll look at other videos. Audio. We covered that again. I really want to have a try at the record voice over, but because my microphone's being used, I can't. , but I think >> we can try that. That's we know that this is the option. So, we invite our students to try. So, these are all the options. We might not be able to cover everything, but as long as you know how to import the video, image, audio, and text and how to adjust it and add the effect, then you're going to be able to do whatever. If it's u part of the criteria for your assignment or if it's a video narrative for your you to address a challenge with your prototype with your image with your talk. So yeah. So I think >> Yeah. And I'm not sure. Did you want to share the link to some more tutorials or >> Yeah. So do you want to show us that tutorial self tutorial and then the only things left is how to share and how to save the document. >> Yeah, I can show that now. So, , once you're happy with your little, , video here, there is a way to, , share your creation or download it. So, if you want to download it straight as an MP4, you can totally do that. You can even choose, yeah, best for video. So, probably choose MP4 here. Can choose PDF, but it's more for , image creations and stuff. , yep, there you go. For you bit of a to be able to share. You have to there's ways to do this. So you can either send it to an email. So you can send it to an email and ask them did you want to edit anything about this or did you want to comment on it? So if you have other people that are working with you and you want their input, you can actually send them the video and they can comment on it. That looks really cool. That way they don't mess any of your work up but still can put their input in. Now you can also invite people to access. That's a really good way doing it. And you can publish to the web. This is where you can link for example external websites and stuff and can upload it straight from Adobe Express to the website. So this is great for Instagram post stuff. Same with scheduling. Now you can also do Google Drive. Now this is an option that you can in like it's like a plugin that you can download for Adobe Express. That way you can access your Google Drive just like it kind of looks like this. And you add it and it lets you it'll ask you to sign in and you can see all the folders that you have in your Google Drive. And I don't want to sign in just yet, but you can see all your folders in your everything that you have on your Google Drive just like that over here. That way you don't need to download it and forget it accidentally on another computer or now my friend has the laptop or whatever. You can directly upload it to your Google Drive and it's accessible to you wherever you have your Google Drive. So that's really