just because it's always kind of a limited time. So they can cover the t the text with the title and they can start answering that question and then yeah so if there is if you want to talk about like a let's say if I want to talk about a lab pro it's kind of a protocol so do you think that is going to be it needs to be recorded in a kind of in a slide that I can record or it can be added as a kind of a key point and text into the video that I'm recording. Like I can record what I want to say and then the protocol in the key points can be added in the text. Is that is that possible? >> do you mean like text to speech type thing or do you just mean you have a bullet points and you want to add them one by one? Yeah, because previously I was thinking I should prepare kind of an PowerPoint or a slides with this context so I can talk and record. But now with the t text that you are suggesting, I can just simply talk about it and have my recording imported to Adobe XD. Then I can add the dot point of something that it's actually support my talk in the Adobe XD. So I think I just want to confirm which way is better to have a recorded of the >> to have recorded >> of the PowerPoint slides you talking or you just kind of talk and add the text and keynotes in the Adobe XD. >> Yeah. So I think with if you have keynotes written down like somewhere you can make them appear separately definitely. So say you're talking about one key point which is Adobe Express you can again down here you can see Adobe Express over the whole video. So if you if it's you talking in the background and you mention Adobe Express for example here you can say that Adobe Express is invisible until whenever you decide that it fades in. So that could be your is that kind of what you're wondering about. So this is your >> So I think now you're suggesting so you can add a multiple text. So one come and disappear like a title and then those dot points the key points can be added later as a kind of an instruction or something that you want. >> Yeah. I mean key point the key points you can add as well. It's just how much text you want to add because say you want the title and then you can also add key points because you can add as much as you want. So say I want another text coming in with the key point. So key point one, key point 2. 3. >> you can add these as a different layer. So again down here. >> So I don't want the key points to come up until I'm halfway talking about the Adobe Express. So I have them coming up like here. >> Yeah. >> And Yeah. And then and then you can make them come up like that. >> Okay. >> Yeah. If that's I don't know if that's kind of like >> No. No. That's makes sense because Yeah. Because there are different layers of like me talking and then an image or a video or a text or a title that can be support what I'm >> you can add as much as you want and if it does get too much it will always only show you what you've selected. So it even if you have 20 images on one screen it'll never show you 20 images. So that's pretty good. >> That's yeah. So, you can I'll revise that real quick. , you can add as much text as you want and you can have it on the screen as long as you want or as short as you want. You just have to tell how long. You just have to drag the cursor where you want it. Now, because this is two different clips, the Adobe the Adobe express text disappears. Say I want the Adobe Express text to stay on the screen even though I'm changing the video. I just simply again Ctrl C on the Adobe Express and carry it over to the next screen and it'll automatically paste it exactly in the same spot. So it'll remember where it was. Just like that. So it'll stay where that was. , another thing that we can look at is audio. , I if anyone has any questions, by the way, you're more than welcome to ask them stuff. , so we'll look at audio real quick. So, we're just going to look in the media and audio. So, all of these are free to use within your schoolwork. So, that's including Adobe audio. So, Adobe Audio has heaps of pretty cool audio that you can use just to make your video seem or feel more I guess alive if that makes sense. It's really good to have something just really quiet in the background even just to behind your talking to kind of yeah make it more exciting. So, right now my video is pretty boring. So for us to be able to use. So this one here, I can actually because I'm done editing this, I can actually just delete the scene, but it will keep this video here because it's I've copied it and pasted it. So it still exists. So, you can definitely play around with your video and if you're happy with it, you can then delete the scene because it's still existing in the timeline. All right, let's go back to media. Let's pick something. Oh jeez, I have no idea how loud this is going to be. I'm sorry in advance. Is that loud? >> Not that bad. >> Okay. Okay. Okay, good. , we'll just add like a simple sort of background noise. And again, click and drag and it'll automatically add it underneath your clips. Because it's an audio clip, it will always go underneath your video clips as a separate sort of section. Again, same as the video. See how it has on top of each other? If we click the video, the audio here and we select another audio, it'll put it where the cursor is. So, if I want another audio, I want to make sure that I'm at the end of the cursor. Never mind. Well, let me do that because there's no scene at the end. Oh, I'm just adding a blank scene so I can see how Oh, because the because the audio is too long. Never mind. The audio is too long. So, I can't add it at the end of the scene. >> Let me Let me make the scene the audio smaller. There we go. Now, I can add it at the end. Same one. We'll add another one. There we go. Oh, let me add it. Oh, that one works. Oh, well. All right, cool. So, I've got two audios here. If I want I'm just going to play this. The audio. , they don't have too I don't think they don't have too many transitions other than , yeah, the audios unfortunately don't have too many transitions for them. So, you'll just have to kind of figure out that the volume needs to be sort of low. And then you can what you can do is you can say you want you want to start your video with a title screen say with your name or your product name and you want the audio of the film of the s audio to be of the volume of the audio to be louder. You can adjust the audio here as much as you want and then play it. And then you can split the audio the yeah the audio from here and then you can readjust it here. I'm sure. Yes. So unfortunately there's no way to kind of transition that but is that difference? Yeah. So now it's really quiet and then you can kind of turn that up. But you do however need to split it unfortunately because the transitions aren't there right now for the audio. , now if you want to I haven't tried before but with the audio like adding audio on top of audio I that I can >> I think K what you just explained about splitting the audio that was a very good advice because sometimes a students are coming to intro start the video. >> then they start talking about the concept and we want the audio the background audio to be you know so their voice should be the one that main the dominant one. So that way they can adjust the volume