# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Express Video (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

the video that we want to be the first thing we want to look at is media. In media here you can see already some templates and inspirations for you. But we want to look at upload from device. That way you can upload your videos and your images or any other things that you want to upload from here. I've got a video that I want to upload here. So I just click on this and it perfectly fits it onto the page already. Now this picture here is in the frame for 5 seconds. As you can see at the bottom here when I hover over it, when I stop hovering over and if I want to say I want to have this on for 3 seconds and then have something else on and then have it on for another two seconds, what I can do is I can left right click and split. That way it splits wherever the cursor is. So I can drag it along the timeline and make it even shorter because I have that's the only thing I have. So if I add another scene, I can drag it the other side of that scene. And now I've got a white and another one and it starts again for example. So I'm just clicking Ctrl Z just to go back. So we have the whole clip again. Now, when I click on the clip while I'm on the main screen here, there are some options on the left here. I have the option to crop it. And there's already some very nice presets here. So, for example, if I only want to if I want to make it a bit prettier, not just a square, I can, for example, fit it to a circle. So when I have a product that I want to show off and there is a lot of negative space around the image that I don't really want to show or it's not important, I can do something like this and it automatic sca automatically scales my video down and I can put anywhere on the screen and it plays just like normal. Now, , the remove background is also an option, though it works in ideal settings. I wouldn't use this if there's a lot of things going around on the background, for example, here. But it does work in ideal settings. For example, if you have a flat background with one color and the front object is not the same color. , here it's attempting to remove the background. Again, this is all including in your student license because we're cool like that at Swinburn. So, it's attempting to do its thing here. It is struggling a little bit because again, background's very busy. So, do use this feature knowing that it'll probably look a bit messy. I'm just seeing if this actually works. I think that's the good thing cat once we do some recording for example in the lab and there are something in the background that doesn't really want need to be in that image that recording and then you can just clean up that background and just focus on what you want to demonstrate. Yeah, >> exactly. And you can even have just a piece of paper in the background of your product for example. That way it gives that for the background for you to remove later on. >> , it looks like I just need to click out of it. I think I think it's Oh, there we go. Actually, it did a pretty well job. Good job, actually. And it still plays like a normal video. So, they actually did a pretty good job. , I'm going to remove that, but it's really handy. , now some other aspects here. You can obviously if the video you have has audio but you don't want that audio because you have a voice over you can it like this or you can just mute it completely like that. Again you can adjust the speed here as well. So, two times speed makes it faster and yeah, makes it slower. , opacity straightforward. You've got your opacity. And now we'll look at some blending options. Now, blending options technically means is how the image blends onto whatever is underneath. The video. But so right now underneath is white. So it won't much difference other than maybe some opacity. Yeah, some opacity things. But you can definitely have a play around with those because sometimes they're really nice effects that could come up. You can flip your video and some effects. Effects meaning basically just yeah just effects like monotone and your like video colors and stuff. So we can make it pink and you can even make your custom colors which is really cool. Now we'll just cover some adjustments. Again this is kind of like effects. So, if you feel like you have a video and it's getting darker outside where it doesn't look right with the other videos that you have, you can simply go to adjustments and just see if you can maybe brighten it up a little bit. That way, it kind of looks better with the other videos. Now for the animation, this is really cool because Adobe effects actually shows you and how to how the animation looks before applying it. So I want to see this butterfly come in from the left and then leave on the right. So how we can do that is by simply hovering over and seeing which effect gives me that desired the desired transition that I'm after. So, I feel like drift is a really good way for me to get that effect. So, I can even adjust how fast or how slow the butterfly comes in. So, there's a lot of custom sort of tweaking you can do with these. You can also even tell the program if you want it rather loud, which is like fast, or if you want it smooth, and it comes up really slowly and gradually. Say, ah, I don't want it to come from the left anymore. I kind of want it to come from the bottom. I can adjust that, too. Just like that. No tweaking of little buttons or anything. Just clicking on the arrows. Now, for me to be able to leave, I click the same thing again, but I say I want to leave from the top. So, it looks something like that. That way you can say if you have a u a little part that you want to explain about your product and it's not going to be on the screen for the entire time. You can gradually make it come up from the bottom or from wherever and have it as kind of like a highlight over your own videos. Cool. And the I want to just explain the looping. So the looping is something that happens continuously. It's mostly used to keep the audience's eye on something. So say you want to use say you want someone to notice something on a screen for a few seconds, you can add a sort of wiggle or blinking sort of effect to kind of guide the user's eye to that thing. So, we're just going to use that. So, it kind of adds that little wiggle and then it kind of moves off. It's really funky. You can have a lot of fun with it. , kind of like that. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. So, next I'm going to show you how to add multiples videos next to each other and on top of each other. So, we're going to go into media and we'll just choose one of the just one of the templates here. So, I kind of like this. So, for me to be able to use this, I kind of just drag and drop and it adds next to my butterfly here. Now, I want the butterfly on top of this video. So, how can I do that? He usually does it. Anyway, let me There we go. Sorry. I So, usually I can drag and drop, but I couldn't drag and drop. So, all I did was use I clicked on the video here that I want on top of my video and then I press Ctrl C to cut and then I press CtrlB on this video. Cat, can you please remind us how did you add that second layer so you can drag your video on the top of that? So, that was Yeah. Okay. Yep. So, the way I added this video here is I clicked on it and then I dragged and dropped it into the timeline here at the bottom and it automatically makes scene a new sort of clip. I guess if we have let's say two videos that we want to play at the same time