lets you it'll ask you to sign in and you can see all the folders that you have in your Google Drive. And I don't want to sign in just yet, but you can see all your folders in your everything that you have on your Google Drive just like that over here. That way you don't need to download it and forget it accidentally on another computer or now my friend has the laptop or whatever. You can directly upload it to your Google Drive and it's accessible to you wherever you have your Google Drive. So that's really handy. Yeah. >> So Kat, if this is the group submission for assignment so students can share the draft with each other so everyone can collaborate on that. Once they finalized then they can download the final product and that can be in the format of the URL like a YouTube URL that can be shared with the in their you know in their assignment or entry to the competition. That is correct. >> Yep. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. So you can just once you're happy with the product and everyone said yeah we're signing off. This is pretty good. You can download it and upload it to for example the URL will probably be a either Google Drive you can share it or you can upload it to YouTube. So you have the YouTube link to it. So either way yeah either way the format will be perfect for either YouTube or Google Drive it's fine. >> Okay. >> All right. So now with this saving and sharing and collaborating on the progress of the video to make it even we might start a project now but we finish you know in one week. So you can always come back to the link and start from where you left. So or you can share it with your colleagues or your peers to invite them to for a feedback or some correction or everything can be collaboratively work together. So now I think the last point if there are any self- tutorial except this recorded session which you did it greatly to offer to our students that would be the last comment and unless we have a question from the participants. >> Yeah. >> I think I closed my tab. I'm just going to stop streaming and then I'll put the link in the chat. >> Yeah, that would be great. And I guess for those students who are not in this session and they are going to watch this recording when do they I know that a lot of things happen once you start practicing. So if they need to set an appointment with you or your team member cat, do you have any advice to share? >> Yeah. So, we're in the Adobe Hub Tuesday to Thursdays from 11 till 2. So, you can just drop by whenever you want whenever like we're always happy to talk with you and that's why we're there at drop in sessions. So, you can just come see us. Or you can go to the Adobe Hub website and actually kind of book a one-on-one meeting. That way we can do it online as well as in person if you like either or. >> Beautiful. So I guess if you can please add that self-tutorial link in the chat. That would be the end of what I can think of we can offer to our students. Caroline I see you are here. So do you have any suggestion or question or recommendation or all good? No, that was Thank you, Katherine. And it looked like a great program to use. >> That's really awesome. >> Yeah, >> thank you Carolene. >> Put that in there. >> So I guess I'm going to wrap up what we are going to do. So this recorded session is going to be edited to be shared f the final version is going to be shared with those who register or in our classes for anyone has this kind of a video as part of their assignments or they are you're interested to participate in our competition design for change. In fact we have more than one competition during the year. So, and all the entry to each competition is a 4minute video. So, here we go. And for that 4-minute video, we have up to 400 cash price. So, you don't want to just you know, this is something you invest your time and you are coming with that inspiring video. I think for us we really do care about the community knowledge. So if you are producing an inspiring video that has a message and you're unpacking a challenge, you're addressing a problem, you coming with a recommendation or solution, why we shouldn't showcase your product to the u broader audience. So that's why I always get excited once I see your inspiring video and we want to work with each other to improve the knowledge of our community and I think that's all good. Katherine, you did a great job. >> Really appreciate your time and I am going to actually start working with the Adobe Express video because I have a submission of 4 minute video to the conference that I need to create it. So here we go. We are going to start working and we come back to you if you need any question. Thank you so much everyone and that is the end of today's workshop. Thank you.