Hi, my name is Cat. I am part of the Adobe coach team here at Swinburn at the Adobe Hub. I'm joined by Beta. She is the senior lecturer for microbial biology in will and we will be covering the Adobe Express video workshop today. First of all I would like to respectfully acknowledge the wondery people of the colonation who the traditional owner of the land on which Swinburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east and pay our respect to the elders past, present and emerging. We also acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of lands across Australia, the elders, ancestors, cultures and heritages. All right. , thanks for joining, guys. I know there's probably still some people trickling in, which is fine. , just a quick workshop. , oh, did you want to say something now, Peta, or did you want me to finish with the >> Yeah, you just go to the agenda for today, then I will join at the end of this. >> Perfect. >> Cool. So, we'll just go over the workshop agenda. Basically, we're just going to be talking about the intro to design for change 2024 again just to have a quick refresher and remind us. Then we'll be talking about the Adobe Express video which is basically just covering how to create your videos with Adobe Express. Pretty simple, easy to use. Which will demonstrate key functions as well as audio and video importation. Then we'll be covering sharing and saving your videos and how you can learn more and things that may not be covered in this that are like little you know expert keys and features. So yeah I'll hand over to beta that will cover the intro to design for change. Thank you so much. So if you can stop sharing then I'm going to just share a few slide that I've prepared. >> So can you confirm cat that you see the slides? I >> can see. Thank you. >> Yeah thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to this second Adobe workshop as part of the design for change competition 2024. So before we invite Cat to cover this to make the inspiring video of this competition that we are running. You might want to have this kind of video submission as part of your assignment or you might have this video submission as part of a conference you're attending. So yeah, I think that's the essential skills for everyone in any discipline. So if you're interested with this competition, so the final product is the 4minut video of a prototype that you design. So whether you are engineering or design students or STEM students or any you know art students any discipline you might be interested or passion or this part of your research to design a digital prototype like a mobile application or a website in to address a challenge or you might have a physical prototype that you would like to share with us in a format of 4minut video which you are going to pitch your imagine this is your startup idea and that's why I will share what would be the next training and then yeah you're going to introduce the challenge and you introduce your design as kind of an a recommendation or solution to this challenge in a format of a 4minut narrative video. So we hope that this prototype can unpack a challenge which is aligned with our vision make the world a better place to live. So of course for this competition if you're submitting your 4-minute video that is going to be evaluated by our judging panel in a live showcase. If your video is going to be selected as a finalist and of course for any of the program that we are offering we provide you with a training. So we had our Adobe XD now we have our Adobe Express video. So on 9th of May we are going to have our guest speaker from industry who is going to cover what is then an startup pitch presentation look like because you can see that depend on who is your audience you might want to use of the different structure or language or evidences to pitch your idea or present your idea. So if you're interested to u compete you are welcome to submit your 4minut video by Monday before 30th of May which is the live showcase and if you get a chance to be the winner of this design for change 2024 you get a up to 400 bucks for 4 minute video and That's about how you are going to be recognized because of your communications and your skills and you will get all the finalist get a certificate of participation and if you are part of the emerging leaders program if you don't know send me an email I can explain to you can get a credit for that and the story of your success if you are the winner will be published at swim newsletter. So I guess I try to capture why you are doing what you are doing. So this is the all of the list of the achievement for you. So if you scan this QR code you can see the winner of design for change 2023. He did a great job and comes with a 4-minute video of the physical prototype that he tried to create and design to address a challenge for the indigenous people. So that was amazing and if you need any information regarding this competition or any training workshop that we are offering please do not hesitate to contact me. All right, with this I'm going to stop and I pass this to Cat to take us through these exciting Adobe Express video training. Thank you, Kat. >> Thank you. I'll just share my screen again. There we are. Okay. So, first of all, I just want to make sure that everyone is logged into Adobe Cloud using their student ID. That way, when you search for the Adobe Express app, it'll guide you to the browser. You could also search up Adobe Express on your browser and log in with your student ID this that way. Either way it'll always guide you to this page here and that way you can see all the templates and all the pretty things you can make. So assuming you guys are all up to speed with the on this page we will be looking at the video function today. So there is a lot of things over here. Oh sorry in advance if you things in the background. Okay. So we will be looking at the video function. So it already gives you some templates here and because of the submission format we will be looking at the 1920x 1080p which is the size of a visual YouTube video. So first of all you want to be looking at this. So we want to click on this and it will take you straight to the creation page here. Now, because it gets quite messy once you make a few different videos, we want to name it straight away. So, at the top here, you can see untitled and then the date, so on. So, we want to click on that and we want to just name it something that we can remember it by. So, I'm just going to call it Adobe Express video one, for example. And it should update. There we go. And it updates of the cloud as well if you're in if you're logged into that. Perfect. So, the first things to notice with the video editing on the Adobe Express is that you have your timeline at the bottom of the screen, which is this here. So this will this little tab here will tell you how long a certain video or picture or anything in your like video is. It'll say the time at the bottom on the left as well as on the top right when you drag it. You can click on show layer timing. That way you can see other layers once you put them on top. So we want to tick that so that when we add other things we can see them at the top here. Awesome. So the video that we want to be the first thing we want to look at is media. In media here you can see already some templates and inspirations for you. But we want to look at upload from device. That way you can upload your videos and your images or any other things that you want to upload from here. I've got a video that I want to upload here. So I just click on this and it perfectly fits it onto the page already. Now this picture here is in the frame for 5 seconds. As you can see