# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Express Video (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

then I press Ctrl C to cut and then I press CtrlB on this video. Cat, can you please remind us how did you add that second layer so you can drag your video on the top of that? So, that was Yeah. Okay. Yep. So, the way I added this video here is I clicked on it and then I dragged and dropped it into the timeline here at the bottom and it automatically makes scene a new sort of clip. I guess if we have let's say two videos that we want to play at the same time and import it to the Adobe Express once we add them so they are coming in a sequence and then we can drag them on the top of each other and then we can start playing around. So is that correct? So by dragging that second layer is going to be created. >> Yeah, >> that's why I'm Yeah. Yeah. So once if you import more than one thing once it'll create a separate sort of however long sequence as it is. So, if you have already say you have video 1 2 3 4 and you already have sequence out, it'll go video 1 2 3 and you can drag it to keep it on the top of each other or you can keep it in the sequence to edit. >> , if you want something on top of another sequence, you'll have to do that once you're in the editor and you have the videos in the editor. >> Okay. >> , yeah. Yeah. , also just a quick note, this little thing down here is how you can zoom in and out. So, if you have long videos like this that are 30 seconds and you can't see the end, you can use this little button here to make the timeline smaller and bigger. Cool. , yeah. So, say we have two clips. , say this is clip number one and this is clip number two. And I want to add, say this is me speaking. And I have my product on this video here. And I want the product to be kind of shown at the top of the screen while I'm talking. I can take the product and I can click after I've done all my edits. So after I'm happy with how it looks, how I want the product to be shown, I can go Ctrl C. Go back to this to me talking. Click anywhere on the timeline and just CtrlV. Now my product is at the top here including the original file. So it has the original file still saved. So when I double click on it, you can still revert all these changes. So you can definitely go back to a star if you like. Can go back to how it was originally. So there's no set in stone. , yeah. So, once I'm happy with that, I can and it'll look something like that. Really silly cuz the transitions are really funny right now. But while you're talking, you can have your and have your product up here. But say you're talking but you don't want your product to come up until maybe few seconds in or yeah a few seconds in. You can click on this and it'll come up here and you can scroll all the way where you want it and the transition automatically adjusts to where you want it. So you don't need to move the transition or anything. Just like that. And it will go out wherever the clip ends. So, say I want it to end up here. I'm pressing space bar to play, by the way. And then, yeah. And then it moves down. That's a really easy way to kind of show off something while you're talking. And of course, you can do this multiple times. So, as many times as you want. Say you want five different things on the screen. You just Ctrl V and it adds another one. But depending on which one I click, only one will show at the bottom. So if I want to show this one, only at the start, only at the start. This is my This is me trimming the video. So this is me telling the program how much time I want it to show. So I want this one here to show this amount of time and then I want the other product to show here. So it's basic and that what you can So this is right now I'm pretty sure pretty sure this is a separate copy. Yeah. So this is a separate copy to whatever this is. So it would make more sense to use two different ones because right now it's not very obvious which one is what. But so the star one is one and got a square one there. Awesome. Now with the transitions, you can do this with any product. So if I want to do it to this one here, I just double click. I just click on this and our effects will be down there as well. So the transitions same as the star, same as the butterfly. Got a fade in, fade out and that way you can transition your videos. So if we want to add another video and we want to transition to that, we just go back to media or upload from device. That way you can upload your videos. See how it added it on top of this video. To stop that from happening, say like I don't want that to I don't want it to be on top of this. Just go to the end of your timeline. It should just it doesn't do that anymore. You can Oh, there we go. You can add as a scene. There we go. So, , again to zoom out, just click this little button down here and you have a percentage. You also have set percentages here. , so that way it's right next to So, it's right next to each other. You can also add transitions in between videos by clicking this little button here, the plus sign. You can go either add scene or add transition. That way, if you want to do like a cross dissolve or something, it does that really nicely. It handled that really nicely. Just like that. And you don't actually need to manually add anything here because it does that automatically for you. Now just like that I think Kat I just want to remind our students who have a who are using this training for the purpose of their assignment. There are three questions that they need to answer. And I'm thinking this transition that you just said, it can give them some kind of an a transition to move from question answer to question one and then from answer to the question two to three. So that's kind of a cool things that they can consider. Yeah. >> Yeah, for sure. And so whatever you have on this slide here, including any text or images or anything, automatically will dissolve to the next slide. So you don't need to worry about adding animations to anything else on this slide. So talking about like questions for you to be able to add text, really simple, just like images. You just add your text and a little text box will come up. Just like that. And there is plenty of different fonts you can choose from here. And these are all free because again we get premium. You can also get more fonts with Adobe Fonts. Say for example, you have a font in mind and you can't find it here. Adobe Fonts has so many more as well as font recognition where you can put in an image of a font that you really like and it recognizes the font. It gives you the name of it. >> Cool. So we just want to add some pretty color to it. >> K can I ask you a question talking about the text? It remind me two tasks. Whether for example the students are asked again to answer the question. So they can bring that use of the text to add the title of that question and then they can just because it's always kind of a limited time. So they can cover the t the text with the title and they can start answering that question and then yeah so if there is if you want to talk about like a let's say if I want to talk about a lab pro it's kind of a protocol so do you think that is going to be it needs to be recorded in a kind of in a slide that I can record or it can be added as a kind of a key point and text into the video