# VIDEO: Start Talking  Transforming the Communication Skills of Swinburne Science Students to Develop Future | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-10-13

our processes. The use of the star format provides practice in articulating skills. So, emerging leader will be a point of difference for our Swimburn graduates and a previous study confirmed this was the case. Emerging leaders were found in our 2017 study to be more likely to be employed after graduation with 92. 2% of emerging leader participants in employment compared to 81. 2% 2% of the control. Interestingly, the study included those who had completed at least one emerging leader certificate. They were not necessarily emerging leaders, but they were still more likely to be in employment six months after graduation. To give you some context, the program has seen over 4,800 registrations to date and over 4 and a half thousand certificates completed by approximately 2 and a half thousand students. 455 students have achieved emerging leader status. So our certificates and our emerging leader status are tracking well in 2020. But we have approximately 200 fewer registrations in 2020 compared to same time last year. As you can see from our registration numbers though and the graph on certificates being completed our numbers are quite strong there but our overall program completion rates are where we want to make a difference. This slide shows you shows you some data from our program. Students respond to 20 skill statements on program registration and program completion. Their program completion can be at any time during their degree, although most complete at the end. They rate 20 skill statements as high, medium, or low. Four of the statements that are particularly relevant to communication for scientists have been included on this slide. For each of the statements, the students are responding positively with a further increase in the high rating at the program completion. The first two concern communication. Students can share and present which is particularly relevant to communication for scientists and reporting to stakeholders and they believe they connect and work well with others. The final two statements refer to our topic and concern for digital literacy. As you can see, there's a limited increase in how they respond to saying they have what it takes to keep up to date in the digital world. Perhaps that reflects a greater awareness of what it does take to keep up to date in the digital world. It will be interesting to see if keeping up to date in a digital world changes or their perception of that changes now that our communication is largely digital. This slide looks at those students who have completed the communication certificate. So of nearly 2 and a half thousand students who've completed certificates 59. 58% have reflected on their communication skill. But when we look at the FSET cohort of 837 FSET students, only 26. 52% have demonstrated the communication skill. So perhaps reinforcing the need for BEA's mission here to promote the importance of STEM communication. So how and why do we embed emerging leader? Well, when we embed emerging leader, we embed one certificate only with the aim that students will extend themselves to complete another three certificates. We embed where the students are completing the same activities or equivalent to those that an opt-in student might complete. We ask that activities are linked to the unit learning outcomes and that reflections are included within the assessment. It is important that if we are to give recognition in emerging leader for activities and skills demonstrated then the students have actually met all requirements. So we embed to increase capacity of the program but also to streamline our processes. There's not a lot of point in asking students to submit reflections to us if they've already submitted them for assessment within an academic unit. U the picture on the left is one that I've used in my webinars with students to kind of encapsulate what the program is about. Not to suggest that they need to go and jump off a cliff or anything like that, but that when they're recording what they're doing, we hope it encourages them to take on extra challenges or put themselves that bit further out of their comfort zone. So by embedding emerging leader perhaps them attaining one certificate we would hope that they would go on to complete the other three. So students are required to register with emerging leader to receive recognition but as you can see it's still an ongoing challenge. These are the stats from our communication for scientists unit embedded in 2019. We still only have 24. 34% of them registering with emerging leader but they can register at any time. So hopefully they will go on too. Of our roughly 12 units where we have embedded emerging leader in academic units we go from a high of 68% of students registering to a low of 6%. So this 24. 34 is kind of sitting around the average. So what we've done with communication for scientists, we have embedded the career development certificate with the communication skill. The students undertake five career related activities including the lecture in week eight where we cover such topics as how they align their experiences to skills, completing employability skills audits, understanding what graduate employers are looking for, knowing how to answer those behavioral interview questions, particularly using the format, and of course having plenty of practice. Back over to Ba. >> Thank you very much, Janet. I guess before I start talking about start talking, I want everyone to remember of the image that Janet show with the cliff. So, start talking is something that we ask a students and of course it's their choice, but we want them to be ready for the future. They're just standing in that cleave and they're thinking whether they should go with it or not. Whether we should go with a public speaking competition or not. But guess what? I think from our experience we find that our and we are passion I mean when we are passionate about something I think we can find some connection with the students and that is the very unique rich source that they can bring this culture to the campus. So next slide please. So what is start talking? Start talking is the STEM public speaking. From my knowledge in 2019 when I received a small grant from the dean of learning innovation in FSET and I should be honest so I'm in advisory team of another STEM public speaking which is between universities. So it's for undergraduate students between universities. So that was my external motivator to bring me to the start talking. And then this is the students program which is students that practice the skills the one that we train them in the communication skill communication for scientists and that is going to be with the partnership of teaching team in the communication feta student engagement team career employability emerging leaders program digital literacy program LCU CLA and their team and FSET clubs our students are fantastic. Fantastic. Next slide please. So what is our vision? As I mentioned this is the STEM public speaking competition. In 2019 it was for FSE students but now it's open to all sin burn students with a passion in the STEM. So what is our vision is potential to create real world impact and supporting the community by applying effective communication we with the digital literacy. So the workshops are embedded and there are two workshops aligned with the competition and these are all to prepare and you know invite and motivate our students to be ready for the competition. So there are workshops in 2019 we had professional networking with confidence which is run by career employability. We had a master class in 2019. In 2020 with Claire and the team we provide this storytelling with Adobe rush workshop. So what we are planning he is to ask our students with the passion in STEM to showcase their practice to the Swimburn community. Create a video 4minut video on their STEM idea and share that with the broader audiences. So in fact in 2020 all of these is online and actually that is the better I think it's a better setting because we can do you know we can invite any students without thinking that is the capacity of the room. So the next slide please Janet. Oh okay. So this is the promotion video for start talking. The one that students act that is the main concern. A student made this for us. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students. Start Talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an