to engender which I think is really exciting and I think that's a really lovely way of teaching. You have to sort of model best practice yourself. But Beta has come to me with complex problems and said, "Let's work together and find a new way of creating opportunities for students. " And I just think that's so for me that's been really exciting is to build a friendship with an academic I had never met before, but also to sort of feel fulfilled that perhaps we're doing something that will change students you know, students future. I think it's really exciting. >> Wonderful. We have another question from Sarah Bosworth and Sarah's asking what are learnings and recommendations in cross functional collaborations like this? I guess the question is to all of you again who wants to go first. >> So what is the learning between the collaborators? Well, I think the question is what are your main learnings and recommendations from this program because what you've described is such a crossf functional cross collaborative endeavor. What have you learned and what can we take away from it? >> I guess I just want to sorry Janet do you want first? I just I just consider again as an academic who you know I'm I'm also from science so I know that our strength it's thinking of the problem and coming with the solution but to act on the solution I strugg and I need some more professional advice and I need to look at the future so we have a good map of what we are you know looking but I guess there are my learning was and it was very nice to meet these people the academic like Claire professional like Janet and drop and professional placement people I have I actually make my connection I learned the communication myself because I am also used to just working in the corner of the lab and focus on my experiments. I'm a microbial biotechnologist. So I start from myself. What I'm asking from a students I started from myself. Now I have this networking which can learn I mean it can let me to you know achieve the goal. So I guess our role modeling like we would like to share this with the students and our partnership it's very valuable. This is the rich resources including students, professional and academic. We are all in Simben campus. We just need to come together and do you know come up with a strong program for students. >> I was going to say something similar. I think too often in universities we're working in silos and we don't necessarily know what's going on or in careers we don't know what's happening in each of the units or the courses necessarily. So it's really wonderful when the academics reach out to us and we can collaborate in a way that really benefits the students. So I think the important learning is you know you've just got to reach out to departments like ours and you know let us know I guess what your problem is with you know problem for one of a better word with the students and look to see what possibilities there are for collaboration. >> I would also say be brave. , I don't know if everyone went to Pascal's talk the other day, but you know, underneath on the bottom of her slide, it said, "Be ba be brave, be bold. " , and I was just going to highlight the fact that this came from a small grant. So, it you know, BEA wasn't given $100,000 to run a massive festival. It wasn't like that. It started from a really big idea. Well, it was a small, you know, a small project, but it's a lovely big idea, but lot but small resources. And so Janet's right, you know, reaching out and actually building on a very small grant with the resources that already happen like or already exist at Swinburn I think is great. I mean there are you know three and a half thousand academics. We can't resource everyone. But what we can do is actually provide ideas and actually encourage people to just say let's just do it. Let's just give it a good go. Doesn't work, that's okay. But if it does work, then we can do it again the same the you know the next year and build on it. So yeah, be brave. That's what I think. >> Wonderful. Well, we actually have time for a few more questions and while we wait for these questions to come through, I thought I'd ask you a question as well. I found your presentation very interesting and I think this is such an important topic to help students to develop the skills and to become effective communicators because often we're we could be experts in something but not necessarily communicate well. So what's next for you? What would be the ideal next step if you had all the support in the world? What where would you like to take this project next? I think if I want to start again so from our on from our understanding there was there is no STEM public speaking across the whole campus. So we started this as with the pilot students in a communication unit. That's why I introduced this unit. But now we are thinking of the Swimburn students as a whole community that they can come and help each other. So we are thinking we have a students in business for example in the other faculty and then we have students in engineering in a science or you know in psychology. So we are thinking of the multidisciplinary conversation because again we are thinking about the global challenges. We are thinking how our students can act as a passionate science communicator to bring their solution and the solution at sometimes has an overlapping. We need to inspire the community. The community doesn't want to hear our jargon. So we need some technology. We need some you know inspiring you know a video which can present our and animate our science complex science idea. So I guess align with what we want to think of the future have a better community safer community look at COVID 19 you know there are too many information which one is correct which one is not which one of these information we can trust so we want to teach our science stu swimburn students that if they're passionate about any STEM idea and they need to know all the information and they come together and they can share it with the community. I think the better future for our community clo you know come up with some solution to the global challenges and if I always ask my students if what you're doing you can share with your grandmother then you're successful because we need people on board. Wonderful. Anything else to add? Because we do have another question. >> Oh, I would just add that we would similarly in careers like to broaden the reach and although CLA mentioned, you know, resourcing activities such as this can be quite intensive, all our collaborations don't need to be as heavily resourced as this one. We can we have a lot of resources in careers and employability already we're already running a lot of webinars workshops etc employer sessions that can link in with things across faculty so I guess where to from here we hope that you know we can make more connections across the university >> wonderful we do have another question and it's a question and also a compliment Thank you for the wonderful sharing you sharing triggered me to think about how these initiatives can be applied to my unit in specific and the accounting discipline in general. So you have already inspired one participant to do something in this field and I guess we do have time for another question which I suppose I want to ask because I have I have this opportunity and I guess my question was how would you see like what would be the challenges of taking this initiative broadly to other disciplines? Because right now all the experience you have comes from science but do you see it would be an easy transference to other disciplines or some challenges that you anticipate? I guess my role I have another role in FSET faculty as an academic deputy director student engagement. I work intensively with the FSET clubs. Again we are talking about the students. The students they have their own connection and doesn't matter if they are in FSET or they are in FBL or Fhat they have their connection and I believe if we what we are doing in our faculty it can be we are thinking of that environment in our campus that a student