Okay. So I will start my video and hello everybody. My name is Scotty Pachankina. I am a research fellow at learning transformations unit and I'm very excited to be chairing this session for you today. This session is as you can see from the slide it's called start talking transforming the communication skills of swinborn science students to develop future readiness and it's presented by three presenters. It's Beta Zafarinlu and Janet Jensen and also Claire Dyson. So Beta is from FSET, Janet is from student engagement and Claire is my colleague from LTU and of course our moderator today is Kim Flowers who is also my LTU colleague. So can we have please the next slide because I'd like to do acknowledgement of country before we begin. Okay so on behalf of those present I acknowledge the verjary people of the colon nation who are the traditional custodians of the land on which we now meet. I pay my respects to their elders past present and emerging. I also pay my respect respects to all Aboriginal and toristrait island people and hope that the path towards reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. And so yes, welcome everybody and just a brief announcement before I disappear and give it to the time to our presenters that if you have any questions, please feel free to post them in the chat in the chat room and we will address them in the last 15 minutes of this presentation. And now we'll disappear and give the floor to the presenters. Thank you. Right. Okay. Thank you very much and hello everyone. My name is Beta and before I start introducing our initiative and talking about start talking I would like to with actually this was the with the collaboration with a career employability emerging leaders program and digital literacy. I would like to introduce you to the communication for scientist unit and our expectation for science graduate also share some facts about the future job. So the communication for scientists is a co-unit for the second year science students. So we have between 130 to 150 students in this unit. The overall aims of this unit is to enhance a students employability by developing their skills to use appropriate communication channels and technology to effectively communicate scientific information to a broader range of their audiences for a range of purposes. And using a variety of modes. We believe to create a real change, we need more than just brilliant scientific minds. We need leaders, deep thinkers, adventurers, inspires, innovators, entrepreneurs, game changers, science communicator. We need our students to be trained to contribute to social change as global citizens. Next slide, please. So there are few facts that we consider to design the authentic work integrated learning activities and assessments. In this unit we consider the desired learning task which are required in the real world context. We reflect on global challenges and we think how we can teach our science students to act as a global citizen. Also we are thinking of the changing nature of the work in future and how we can support our science students to be ready for that and to be successful. It is a fact that it's predicted that 50% of today's job will disappear by 2030. Next slide please. So talking about the skills for future success. So again if you are talking about 50% of today's jobs are going to be disappear what is going to be replaced? So the literature confirms that soft skills intensive occupations will account for twothirds of all jobs by 2030. Our expectation for science students is improve not only the technical skills and the knowledge but also the soft skills and personal attributes. So we need to work on their soft skills and we know that our science students they are very good at critical thinking and the they are strong in their fields. We need to work on in their soft skills and personal attributes. Next slide please. What are employers looking for? So the T-shaped professionals is including deep disciplinary knowledge along with a keen ability to communicate. The question is how much our activities or assessment resources will cover the t-shirt professional for our science students. We have a clear plan which address each of these criteria in this unit. Science students in this unit are expected to choose a science challenge which is their passion. Then they are going to communicate their solution with the range of audiences such as their role as a science journalist. Pitch it to the pitch their idea to the industry practice their public speakings and upskilling their skills through the Adobe resources and expert trainer training. Next slide please. Soft skills become increasingly important. Again, literature confirms that soft skills intensive jobs will grow 2. 5 times faster than other jobs. And I'm sure everyone experienced this during this time with the pandemic. You see how diverse soft skills are required for an individual to their hard time. Next slide, please. The science threshold learner outcome. So now we covered the fact of the communication skills is the most demanded soft skills that employers are looking for. We would like to confirm the science threshold learning outcomes for our graduate science students in the according to the Australian council of deans of schools science ACSC so which is listed in this slide. We are expecting our graduate science graduate understanding science that is require multidisciplinary conversation scientific knowledge in their field inquiry and problem solving communication skills personal and professional responsibility. Next slide please. So what we are looking for our science students are also aligned with the students 2025 strategic framework. So we are looking for those students that they feel confident to create social and economic impact. So we want to train our students to be future ready learners. Next slide please. So our initiatives in this unit are also aligned within graduate attributes including professional skills, selfdirected learners and future ready learners which we are going to explain. Next slide please. So now considering all of these facts and the literature so's vision expectation for science graduate we want to know what is the problem. So our observation of the challenges science students experience during their learning communication skills in the unit. It's also align with their literature and their research outcomes. Science students typically do not recognize the value of communication studies until they approach graduation. Next slide please. So to come up with this we want to introduce our initiative activities and u assessment which is the partnership of emerging leaders program professional placement media and communication digital literacy program LTU you next slide please. So the communication for scientist unit at a glance. So you can see in this table how we progress and set the embedded activities and sorry assessment with the collaboration with again the industry media communication professional placement emerging leaders digital literacy LTU Adobe spe Adobe specialists. So and then we provide authentic activities aligned to these assessments. So now I would like to ask Janet to talk about the embedded activity that we have done in this unit. >> Thanks Peter. So I'll talk briefly about the emerging leader program to give some context about how and why we've embedded our program in the unit communication for scientists. So, emerging leader is Swinburn's program that encourages students to build employability by documenting the different activities they're involved in alongside and as part of their studies. So, students complete four certificates with options across campus participation, community engagement, industry experience, global citizenship and so on. A key aspect of emerging leader is aligning their experiences to employability skills and students must demonstrate six skills to receive recognition as Swimburn emerging leaders. The program has four key elements. Students document their activities to receive micro credentials that is digital certificates that they can use as evidence of their experiences and skills. So emerging leader is a way of packaging up those experiences and skills in a format that future employers can understand. We hope that as they document or receive recognition for activities undertaken within curriculum that they'll explore further so the program promotes development. We encourage reflective practice so they construct meaning from what they encounter and make connections between experiences and skills acquired. And our processes. The use of the star format provides practice in articulating skills. So, emerging leader will be a point of difference for our Swimburn graduates and a previous study confirmed this was the case. Emerging leaders were found in our 2017 study to be more likely to be employed after graduation with 92. 2% of emerging leader participants in employment compared to 81. 2% 2% of the control. Interestingly, the study included those who had completed at least one emerging leader certificate. They were not necessarily emerging leaders, but they were still more likely to be in employment six