okay. So this is the promotion video for start talking. The one that students act that is the main concern. A student made this for us. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students. Start Talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is a place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words. Do you have to submit? And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. So, so I guess you see how fantastic our students to spend extra time. This is not for assessment. This is for them to practice their skills investing their own time and then this is the showcasing what we have done in 2019. So 11 competitors comes with the unique stakeholder in workshop one and we have a workshop two and we had a winner. So I guess the next slide is for you Janet or I'm Oh okay before we go with Janet. So this is the story of success for students. Students who are passionate about science communication are going to be acknowledged not with a prize but also their story is going to be published. They are going to tell us how they evaluate their skills, how they use of u they improve their digital skills, their presentation skills and then how that can influence other students. So next slide please. >> Yes. And this is again for Janet to talk about the workshop one. So thanks Peter. So our collaboration with start talking began at its inception in 2019. Careers and employability developed and conducted a networking workshop to support the stakeholder panel and the networking session that preempted the staff talking competition. As the students were going to have the opportunity to network with a panel of stakeholders, we wanted them to actually network to make the most of the opportunity to speak with the incredible panel that Beta and Dr. Alan Duffy had coordinated and facilitated. In 2020, the panel moved online and so did the networking session. Both the 2019 and 2020 workshops were facilitated by my colleague Rob Bag. We registered the participants on swin employees so we could record attendance and track participation and we also recorded both sessions this year so both the networking webinar and the panel of resources readily available to students on swin employee. So why networking? Well networking is an important career management skill but also an important communication skill. We need to be able to tell our career story, particularly in unstable and unpredictable labor markets, and networking is one way to get our story out there. Having a clear sense of professional identity and professional purpose is key to successful networking. Often a lack of professional identity or lack of clarity around professional purpose will be behind a reluctance to network. So, what did Rob cover in the networking sessions? Well, although the 2020 session was online, it was still very practical. Rob framed networking as a two-way communication skill. Topics included identifying existing networks, ways and places to build networks, strategies such as informational interviewing, and the importance of reaching out and continuing to network even in times of lockdown. Students were encouraged to consider their key strengths, skills, experiences, and achievements and goals and how they might talk about these with a prospective employer. Students had time to practice, hear from two amazing students giving their pitch. And then they were put into breakout rooms to practice and deliver their own pitches. Ensuring students can see, hear, and support their peers in delivering a pitch and communicating directly with employers is a valuable learning experience. Although they were not able to network in person in the panel in with the panel in 2020, they were able to communicate via the chat and careers and employability have also offered many other employer sessions in meeting rather than webinar mode to specifically give students the opportunity to speak directly with stakeholders and employers. I'll hand over to CLA. Hi everyone. We can go to the next slide if you like. I was going to talk about workshop 2 primarily. But what I wanted to sort of go back a step and really talk about you know some of the underlying issues came to me and our team with and sort of sort of walk you through the problem solving that we did together and how it sort of ended up and start talking. So we might go into the next slide. The question that beta and I were really looking at is how might we support students learn new skills by making so we're really looking at communication skills here. So ultimately as beta has already said science students are fantastic at problem solving. You know, they have all these amazingly big ideas, but she had quite early on identified that it was communicating those big ideas, which to be honest, a lot of us have. It was the communication of those big ideas that needed work. , so we started doing some draft work in semester 1. , it was within a unit that's Beta was running called grand challenges and science. And she came to me with the unenviable problem that most of us had when we were teaching of having an assessment item that just wasn't going to work well in co. So it was an oral presentation and her students had varying access to the internet and she felt that it was unequitable to actually make them present in a synchronous environment. So, we worked together and what we tried to do is reimagine the assessment item in a way that would teach the students new communication skills and arm them to be able to learn while they're making and playing, but arm them for their future selves to be able to communicate effectively in the future, which is kind of what this whole talk is about. What we decided to do was to create a digitally layered artifact. One that could house text, images, graphs, and video. And while this assessment wouldn't capture obviously it wouldn't capture that live moment when you're speaking in front of other students, what it could do is teach them different literacies around communicating with different media. Obviously then we had to change rubric. There's a whole bunch of other details that we had to do. But what was exciting about this particular assessment item is that we were encouraging the students to make and play in a new communication mode. So they hadn't ever played with this particular program before and it's very play centered. So there were 32 students in the class. You can see the stats here. Beta allowed them to either present in this new communication form which was a spark page that had to have a Spark video embedded in it. So they did have to do face toface oh well they had to talk on video or they could do a traditional PowerPoint presentation and you can see that 78% of them chose the new communication method. What that did is it embedded new digital literacies and new communication skills within that new assessment item. We might go to the next slide. The next question we started talking about together when we're moving into the start talking discussion is how might experimenting in play engender a creative mindset. So again beta has talked about all the strengths that scientists have and all the core skills that are taught in science but there's also this idea that how you might transfer them into other modes. So we thought what we might look at is how we might support storytelling, play and risk which is really big in science. And what we wanted to do was shift from one known format which was science where amazing disciplinary knowledge and shift it into another unknown format which was video. What we wanted to do was create new opportunities to learn new languages and develop new. So we chose a short form video which allowed the students to develop a new voice and that voice will be vital for their