how you might transfer them into other modes. So we thought what we might look at is how we might support storytelling, play and risk which is really big in science. And what we wanted to do was shift from one known format which was science where amazing disciplinary knowledge and shift it into another unknown format which was video. What we wanted to do was create new opportunities to learn new languages and develop new. So we chose a short form video which allowed the students to develop a new voice and that voice will be vital for their future career. Might go to the next slide. The next question that we were really pondering and I mean I think beta is really well is how curricular might support risk and failure. >> Sorry, can you guys hear me? Okay. Sorry, I'm getting a lot of feedback so I hope it's okay. , what you're looking at, >> sorry, >> sorry. I was going to say we can hear you, but there's a bit of a noise in the background. >> I'm so sorry. I might turn down. That might make things a bit easier. There we go. My apologies. , what we're really looking at here is around play, risk, and failure and how , these things were much more possible when the stakes were lower. , so within start talking, it's a co-curricular project. So we know that students are more willing to jump into new areas of playing and risk-taking and making while they're learning new skills and creating new opportunities. We know they're more likely to do that when the stakes are lower when it's not for assessment. So creating this opportunity within this co-curricular environment was really important. I might jump to the last slide. I mean, obviously the next question is how risk and failure might be embedded into curriculum. And you can see that Beta has a really long-term view for how this might work. I'm I'm sure she's going to take over the world with science communication, which is fantastic. But the question is how do we scaffold these ideas of risk and play and making into curriculum when there's so many other things to do? And I think that what's the reason I wanted to highlight beta's use of work in curriculum in first semester is that she's taking all these exciting opportunities from the co-curricular space and actually embedding small versions of it in her units which is great. So play, risk, failure, these are central to engendering new thinking in our students and we know that includes problem solving, complex problem solving, creative mindset, critical thinking, adaptability and innovation. So I wanted to also mention that Beta has reached out to collaborate with careers and employability and Janet and Rob and me and digital literacies and these are things that are available to all academics. And what she's done though is I think really cleverly built a really fantastically supportive team around these quite innovative ideas. So that's all from me. I'm happy to answer work questions in a minute. But we did run, sorry I didn't mention we did run workshop 2 last week which was fantastic which was really around storytelling and we had 89 people attend that which was great and hopefully we have 89 videos coming out of it. Thank you very much Claire and Janet. I guess nothing is possible unless with a passion. So we can see what we are sharing today about the story of how we are passion to support our students. So we come together along with the students to be able to do this for students. So I guess this slide is the last slide where I want to say about the student learning engagement high satisfaction in workshop one workshop two consistently in 2019 2020 and also considering students are now ready to act on their skills to be honest Again our external motivation is the competition similar to start talking which is between the universities. So we want our students to practice their skills and improve to be able to represent swim learn in the let's talk competition and I believe we achieved that because I can say this is the emerging our aim was to emerging young passionate science communicators at Swimburn. So this program we have a one strong partner and that is the students. We support future ready learners. We support students attributes. We showcase our collaboration with all of our collaborators. We publish students story to influence other students and certificates like participation for volunteers for the competitors align with emerging leaders program. So we want to make sure if a students learn from this later on they will join they will join to all the workshops that Adobe team they're presenting they join to career employability emerging leaders into science professional placements. So this is the place that we want to make sure that we introduce the students to all these existed strong richful resources and professional academic people to again be successful. So I would like at the end to introduce our Venus Megan Grace Smith is the winner of 2018 and Nendu is our students volunteer leader who is helping me consistency from 2018. Samantha McKay is the finalist of the let's talk 2012. She was the finalist of the start talking 2019 and Rory is the winner of 2000 start talking 2019. As Claire mentioned we are expecting to see the creative inspiring video in 2020. So that is live event in week 10 15th of October. All the academic professional students are invited. Swimburned community. Let's join us and support our students who are going to share their STEM idea with the social impact. Thank you very much everyone. >> All right. I don't know if you can see me now. We have time for questions. It was it's wonderful because everything just ran out of time and all presenters just spoke in their allocated time. So I didn't have to do anything because the chair which is great. We actually have our first question I can see through chat. So Tash from LTU is saying I love your passion for this project. What was the most rewarding aspect of this project for you? I guess the question is to all of the presenters. >> I can go for it. And then I think the most rewarding is those students who not only come to learn more behind the unit behind the assessment behind the marking they just go to the workshop one workshop two but also they spend time to generate this you know to come to the competition I guess what are we what we are doing and I mentioned this to Janet and Claire if you don't have a students in the competition our mission is not successful but we came with 11 competitors in 2000 finalist in 2019 which was difficult to choose one of them as a winner and we hope that happen in 2020 for me that is the most rewarding because students like what we are doing for them >> I would just say it's definitely assisting with emerging leader and getting that out there and the students that BEA's had working with her and participating in this program, they're definitely ones we want to recognize in a program like Emerging Leader. , so I guess what's rewarding for me is actually seeing these students collaborate with us and really do so well. The students that gave their pictures to demonstrate to the other students were just amazing. And then we also have students like Samantha that Beta mentioned just before who's also assisting me with the early leader program which is Swimburn's program for secondary school students. She's been involved with that to make connections there too. So these students are really engaging across Swimburn and yeah that's wonderful to see. >> Yeah, it was fascinating. I was just going to say for me what's really interesting is that I haven't been working with beta as long as Janet has. But for me it's working with an academic who looks at the really complex problem and actually is really open to finding new answers. So beta is kind of modeling for me the behaviors that she wants her students to engender which I think is really exciting and I think that's a really lovely way of teaching. You have to sort of model best practice yourself. But Beta has come to me with complex problems and said, "Let's work together and find a new way of creating opportunities for students. " And I just think that's so for me that's been really exciting is to build a friendship with an academic I had never met before, but also to sort of feel fulfilled that perhaps we're doing something that will change students you know, students future. I think it's