it would be an easy transference to other disciplines or some challenges that you anticipate? I guess my role I have another role in FSET faculty as an academic deputy director student engagement. I work intensively with the FSET clubs. Again we are talking about the students. The students they have their own connection and doesn't matter if they are in FSET or they are in FBL or Fhat they have their connection and I believe if we what we are doing in our faculty it can be we are thinking of that environment in our campus that a student lead this I like the idea of do you know having we work as an advisory board and students actually acting on this competition. Again, that is for them to be ready for the future job. As Janet mentioned and as Claire knows, we have our mentors. Our mentors are actually students, the winner of the previous you know competition. So they attended in our workshop. Some of them coming with some great idea creating the video animation website. So I guess now we have this rich sources of students that they have a strong connection with their other students in the other faculty and then how about if we just let them to lead this and then we can just do you know we can work together we can we can work to them with them and we can support them. So I guess the point is the connection that Janet mentioned not between the academics not between academics professional also between academic professional students and now students with all of us >> wonderful I wouldn't foresee any issues careers and employability is already working across all faculties and paves so our resources are appropriate and applicable all across. So >> yeah, us too Janet. I mean I think what was interesting about workshop 2 last week is it's around storytelling. And it was storytelling with video and while obviously the focus was driven from you know started from beta and it was embedded in this particular program. All of the work that we do is every workshop that we run is open. So we don't actually ever close anything down. So yes, if there was somebody from accounting who wanted to tell a story with video, they would have been absolutely welcome last week. And I think that's actually really exciting because if you drop into workshops that maybe were not originally designed for you, you get to pick up all these really lovely exciting skills. That's why we were sort of wanting to work around something that's a that's making. Because making is fun and when you're doing that you pick up skills that you don't even know that you're picking up. And certainly the literacies around storytelling with any other form you know video particularly has you know a long history that you can't learn in an hour and a half but you can start and that step forward outside your form I think is really exciting. So yeah it's really applicable and it's pretty easy to transfer too I think. Yeah. All right. I think we're nearly there. I just want to take this opportunity again to u thank our wonderful presenters. This was a wonderful very interesting presentation. And if you do have if you do have a question that's to the audience. If you still have a question or you come up with a question later, please feel free to post it in our hub for the conference which you would have been invited to once you sign up for the conference. So we do monitor that and we can answer questions after the session and please stay engaged in the conference and enjoy and have a wonderful rest of the week and the video of this presentation is also available if anyone is interested later. So thank you very much and have a great day. Katia I just want to say thank you to the LCU and the team for aranging and ke being moderating in this session and providing again this opportunity to connect us with our academic here. So please contact us if you think that there are something that we can share we can do you know we are very I think we are all passionate about the connection with all the colleague and also I would like to invite you to invite your students with the STEM passion to come and present their com in the competition. So we have Adobe coaches as a mentor that they can help your students in the you know business accounting everyone might have a passion about the STEM. So we have Adobe coaches on board and yes I guess please invite your students and you are also invited to the live events in the start talking. Thank you very much everyone. Wonderful. And thank you to Kim Flowers for moderating this session and being the behind the scene tech genius. Thank you, Kim. >> Okay, bye everyone.