going to I'll use just one of these. , it's probably not the greatest example of a shape to use, but I'll use it anyway. , actually, I'll use Oops. So, , another thing that, , can be, , quite tricky in Illustrator is, , the layering of your objects. So for a clipping mask, I will show you how to not do this first. So in object arrange, I can send that to the back. So now my ellipse is at the back. I've selected both of them and I will go object clipping mask make and it'll tell me an error. So I'll then move Sorry. That's all right. , so I've now sent the image to the back. , and I can now make a clipping mask. , so you'll notice it got rid of the red line on the outline of the shape, but it has selected the area inside. And you can then double click on that area and you can alter it. So you can drag it, , center it and so on. , again, it's a bit of a confusing part in this context, but it might make a lot of sense later when you need to use things like this. That's all right. >> , so I'm just going to have a look at the chat and see if there's anything that I've sort of missed. >> Elliot, >> yeah, >> I just have a very general question. Yeah, >> please consider my brain is just a science brain and with all of this design it's just I'm trying to come up with a so if a students coming from different discipline they want to start like I can see all of this pattern and this you know I just want to know how come you come to create this pattern to then start adding them to the illustrator What was the template you use or is that just you're looking at the do you know the what you plan to design and then you come up with all of these pattern can you just I guess >> yeah so that's probably a bit of something that I have skipped a bit so the first thing I did was I again I'll go back to this artboard over here so I before this I had almost zero knowledge of how a trebuche works. I'd seen a few but I yeah I didn't really know too much about them. I watched a few videos and looked at a few different resources on what has been done in the past. And I think that's a really important part of the design process. So, , when I'm going to design something, , if something's already been designed before, , unless I can greatly improve it, there's probably not a lot of point in designing it again. , for this context, it's different because it's using, , scaling it down for an educational tool. , but yeah, a great thing to do in the design process is benchmarking. So, you look at what is existing, , you take what you can from that. And then you apply it to your work. So this shape here is sort of the basis on what I based my design upon. , and , I think a super important thing before you go into something like Illustrator and then going into the trouble of laser cutting , is you might do a lot of sketching , drawing on paper and then you can go into a program like Illustrator. And as I said before, I made a scale model of this out of cardboard with some skewers. , and I got it working roughly and then I'd learned what I needed to from that process. So, , if any of the groups here have any designs that they're thinking of, I could quickly like come up with how I would go about that. , if you want to drop that in the chat. , but otherwise, it's it's , yeah, with the design process, yeah, look what's existing. , what is your inspiration? , and then go from there. So it's pretty hard to teach all of that in >> yes >> in this one or twohour class but yeah that's something that you would think about and hopefully some of some of you have come up with some ideas at least of things that you would want to design. There's a lot of really nice laser cut designs out there for STEM sort of educational tools. , and there's a lot of great STEM educational tools that could possibly be laser cut or , and that's where we want people with a design background , to show their expertise. , so if there's a premise , in science or your an area of research that you're really interested in , how could you educate , young learners to do that? Especially we see high rates of women in STEM being almost scared to tackle some STEM subjects. So how can you inspire more women in STEM? You can do stuff like that through the design process. So, if anyone has any ideas, this is a good place to bring them up. We can have a look at them. Stuff like that. But yeah, >> thank you Elliot. I think that is the message to whoever is in the you know room today and whoever is going to watch this recording. So if you have an STEM, if your passion in the STEM and you know how we can inspire school age students into the STEM, so they would be someone to direct you. So if you have any idea just send an email to us Elliot and then we can your design and we can see how we can help you. >> Yeah. And luckily if you're a Smurn student you have access to the Adobe Creative Campus and all those all its resources. So you can also apart from me you can leverage people like Julia. So yeah these are some really great resources that you have access to. And we're also offering that if you come to a design that you think could help STEM education where we will support you in laser cutting that and helping produce that. So it's a great opportunity to learn some new skills and I think these are skills that are highly valuable. It may not seem like it but in your future employment. , so I think it's a great opportunity to be involved with. , is there anything that you wanted to add, Julia, that I might have missed? I know I went over things quite quickly. , is there and is there anything that anyone has had any specific trouble with that they would like me to go over again or something like that? I think it might be good to go over exporting, showing people how to actually, you know, take this and create, you know, a PDF or, you know, whatever format they need to be actually printing it. >> Yep, that's a great idea. , so I'll sort of just zoom out a little bit here. , and so we can look and see that I've got four artboards. , this one here is almost useless. I just did that as a quick demo on clipping mask and it wasn't a great demo on clipping mask but you can see how they very useful. I actually did use a clipping mask for this part here too. So I created that pattern out of using the brush tool and some different stroke weights. But I think that's probably a bit too much to go over for today. And so I'll now go over different file types and exporting. So, if you look in here in the file tab, there is save, save as, and export, which are probably the ones that you will use most. So, saving, I'll go save as first. I'm just going to save it on my computer, but you can also save up on the cloud. And just for ease of use, , and this not being my laptop, I'm going to save that on the desktop. , so I will call it 2021, , STEM program. , and so you will see that there is a bunch of different object options here. , the native type for Illustrator is AI. , so we're going to save that as an AI. Again, not my laptop, so it's not letting me save the So, I'm automatically going to save it in the folder that it created for me. , so that's now saved that. And Sorry. Sorry, there's a fire engine driving past. And inside that saving there will be another bunch of options here. So we have legacy versions of Illustrator. So that's probably not that useful for today. And you guys