For just a moment. So, welcome everyone. It's so great to be here. So great to have you all here at today's illustrator workshop. My name is Julia. I will be moderating today's workshop. Beta in just a moment will be introducing the competition and Elliot will be the presenter for today. So I'd just like to begin with an acknowledgement of country. We respectfully acknowledge the Warandre people of the Koulin nation who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east. We would like to pay our respects to their elders past, present and emerging. We would also like to acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of lands all across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. , I'd just like to talk a minute about the Swimburn Creative Campus. , you might have heard that last year Swimburn became Australia's first and only Adobe creative campus, which means that all staff and students get access to the entire creative suite all for free. , you just have to log in with your Swimburn email address. , you also have access to the digital coaches. I'm one of them. , and you can drop in to see us at any time in the library. So, for today's workshop, we're going to be running through the basics of Illustrator. , and we're also going to look at setting that all up for laser cutting, which is very exciting. So, we'll be running through that today. , before we start, if everybody could please sign in to the Adobe Creative Cloud using your Swimburn email address and password. , make sure you've got Illustrator downloaded and up and running. , and if everyone could please ensure that their microphones and cameras are turned off. Can get pretty noisy and if everyone's got their cameras on that takes a lot of bandwidth. So if everyone could please ensure those are both off that would be lovely. This session is being recorded so we'll be sending out the recording once we are finished today. If you have any questions please do drop those in the chat. I'll be answering questions about any questions there are with using Illustrator and Peter will be answering any questions about the competition. And please follow along today. Learning by making is more fun than sitting and being talked to for two hours. So please follow along. We really hope you enjoy today. I will hand over to beta now. >> Thank you very much Julia and thank you appreciate everyone's time to be here. So we are very excited to introduce another initiative idea about how we can help to shape the STEM futures. So we are very excited. So I go and I introduce design for change 2021. Remember this might be part of your assessment. You are here because this is part of the assessment in the unit. But we want we are going to tell you with just one step further. Maybe you want to enter to the competition. You're welcome to just you know be here participate in the three free workshops that we are going to offer which I explain it shortly. And of course I also want following what Julia suggested. I appreciate if everyone use of the you the student ID to nominate yourself here as an participants. We are going to communicate with you. We are going to send you this recording and all the information that might be useful relevant to the Adobe Illustrator today. And more important this is one of the three free workshop that is aligned with the art competition. All right. So design for change is what we are going to offer here. So if you would like to be involved in shaping the STEM future by just designing your prototype, this is the place to be. And I encourage you to invite your friends and surn students located here in Australia, located in Malaysia. Sarak students, you're all welcome. And so the aim is to develop swimburn students communication and technical skills utilizing a multidisiplinary collaboration. So students as Julia mentioned can play risk and act as an entrepreneur. So if you're in a science and this is the multidisiplinary area. So if you are in a science or it or design or any discipline you know in any units any department. So this is a good area. So you come together and we can discuss about this design. The aim of the second aim of this competition is foster the building of digital literacy that will empower you that you can use this skills these professional skills for your future career. So this is very important and that is how you this is important because you're going to either inspire the community or contribute to industry. Again these two are critical for every one of us. So what is the product what we are going to expect you for this competition. So a group of students sim students with any discipline it means that if you're in science, IT, design, I don't know psychology, business, law any area but you are passionate about STEM. This is again the competition that do you would like to attend and participate. So a group of three to five students they are going to design and also they are going to pitch a startup concept to introduce their design and this design is a STEM prototype which is aligned with two direction and two vision. Either you are going to choose to inspire the school age students in a STEM so you using the Adobe Illustrator laser cutting that is the workshop today. So to be aligned with the invari foundation vision so we want to inspire the girls and women's in STEM. So that is the aim you might want to choose to do this. And the second vision is your STEM prototype design is going to be aligned with the industry partners. So you are going to support their vision. The insurance Australia group which is called A from now on. So you're going to use the second workshop. Adobe XD is going to help you and support you improve your skills to use of Adobe XD and come up with your STEM prototype design which is the digital design which support these industry partner. Next slide please. Yes. Who is in this initiative? So again at three of us crossunit teams so including myself and then did I introduce myself? Of course my name is beta and I that is the right time. So and I'm a convenor of science communication in the department of chemistry and biotechnology in the school of science. So Kaslan I don't know if he's here or not he is a department chair of the computer science and soften engineering and of course Elliot our representative here is a champion of Adobe Illustrator from the simburn design factory so that is where all of us we are going to learn about this Adobe Illustrator and of course our great project collaborators so insurance Australia group, I AG our industry partner and Janet who is going to help us a great supporter all the time emerging leaders program and she's the coordinator of this program and of course Dr. Irene from Sorowak. So she is a school of she's in a school of chemical engineering science from Malaysia. So now we have an idea about this design for change. I just want to emphasize what are the vision for this industry. So Australia insurance Australia group I AG vision is to make our world a safer and a better place to live. Maybe this is the very big picture for you. Maybe when you want to design your prototype STEM prototype you don't know from where we should start. That's why we would like to suggest you more details and more things that you might want to consider which is coming in the next slide. Aligned with the IG vision to make the world a better place to live. We are offering and suggesting these four teams. So there are plenty idea along with these four teams. Whether you want to think of the diversity, inclusion, belonging or whether you want your you know digital or your STEM prototype is going to be aligned with the worldleading customer experience or you want to consider your STEM prototype design to be aligned with the climate change or you want to improving everyday life of people. So think about all of these themes. These are all align with the I A vision which is our industry partner. The second vision it's about how this inbeor vision this foundation and this group and this organization are supporting any great initiative idea or any design which can be a educational design who inspire which inspire the girls and women's in a