all sorts of colors clear through to black, white, red, green, sort of every color of the rainbow. And with cardboard, if you did want to do it, you could set it up so that you had a print out mounted on some card and then laser cut on top of that. That would be an option. If you wanted to bring in some more general sort of graphic design stuff. So there's a lot of options that you could do with this. And again, if you had something that you wanted to design even if it didn't really need Illustrator, you could oh sorry, even if it didn't need laser cutting, you could still design a lot of stuff with Illustrator just as a graphic platform as well. And Illustrator is super handy for doing logos and things like that. Little info in infographics and pictograms. , so I find it as like an invaluable tool for me. , and hopefully you guys will too. , I think it's a it's a really handy tool to have in your toolkit. >> Thank you, Elliot. I guess Julia do we have a source of I think for those who actually participate today and those who register but they were not able to participate the recording of this is going to be provided to you please that's why we requested in the beginning to use of your students ID in zoom so we can communicate with you when we provide And I guess the other link additional link that we can send in the email for you is how you access to Adobe hub and how you can access to this u self tutorial Adobe hub and maybe something across with Elliot is there any places that if they want to get an idea of this you know prototype like you mentioned even for the infographic they can use of Adobe Illustrator but is there any link that they can use or we can if you don't know now we can send it through the email so they can have a look and they get some idea of design >> I can definitely send them the design of this and they can have play around with that >> I'll definitely do that afterwards I yeah again I was planning to do that but I had yeah my laptop was not here So, yeah, sorry about that, but we'll get that the demonstration file sent out to you later today. >> Yeah, I guess all of this information is going to be shared along with this recording and we appreciate everyone's time. Again, for those who join us later and miss the introduction, this is the design for change competition. This is the first workshop. We are going to have the second workshop for Adobe XD and we are going to have the third workshop for Adobe Rush. How you design, how you pitch your design. So you are going to use of illustrator and XD to come up with your design but you need to create a video to promote and come up with the startup pitch presentation concepts to introduce your STEM design. So we are looking for two vision whether you are going to contribute to our AG industry partner you know vision to make the world a better place. Think about the sustainability. Think about the terms circular economy. Think about how you can contribute to this industry vision to help them to make this world a safer place to live. And also the second vision which is basically this workshop is it align with that it's the educational prototype design. So to inspire school age students into the STEM especially we look for any women or girls into the STEM. So think about the regional area and how we can come up with your design and inspire them to join us in STEM. This is the multidisiplinary project and you can come up with a group of three to five students and yeah the winner is going to receive $1,000 along with a professional experience in supported by IG. You're going to be recognized for your work by emerging leaders program and also the story of your you know success is going to be published and everyone is going to get a certificate for those skills that you're going to achieve by attending in the workshop and then the competition. So there are a lot to achieve and I know some of you are here for your assessments which is a design assessment. You can design and pass to your unit and you can come up to competition to win and be recognized. So is there anything else that we want to answer regarding the Adobe Illustrator or competition? >> We have a question from Irene. She's asked if students must use Illustrator or XD to prepare their prototypes. I guess the answer can be any application. Can you please specify what type of application I do you do you want to use? I mean the aim is to design a proto a stem prototype and what we are suggesting here is Adobe Illustrator and Adobe XD. If you and your any students team member they know of the other do you know application that can help them to design I guess there is no limitation for that but we would like to suggest this >> okay we haven't really come to that stage yet but let's say if their design is they start with some just hand drawing something more simple and it can be achieved with that is that possible as well. >> I think I'll maybe add in something here. If you're going to create your video as a pitch presentation, you're still you can still use Adobe products there as well. So I think it would be great if you could use them. So there's there's plenty of space to use Adobe products in this presentation in the total scheme of it. Just add there is so much support. If you've never used Adobe products before, the Adobe hub, all the coaches, we are here to help. So any questions you have, you can email us or you can book a session with us. And we'll help you out with whatever you need. >> And Julia, this is for Sarah students as well. >> Yep. So we can do online sessions if they want to book if students want to book a half an hour peer-to-peer session. So I will I'll grab the link to that and send that as well as well as our email address. That is perfect. Amazing. I guess following what Elliott mentioned because here we offering three Adobe application. If your design is the handwriting but it's a shiny smart idea still you need to showcase and you need to create an startup video by using Adobe Rush to introduce your spam prototype. So at least if you use one Adobe application I think that is all good and anyway for the creating of this video you are going to use Adobe Rush. So you're welcome to use of some other application to come up with your STEM prototype design. >> Yeah that's great. Thanks. Yeah. Definitely for the video because previously we did use Adobe what's that rush. >> Yes. >> U so at least the video will be using that just the design probably it can be quite a steep change sorry learning curve for some. >> Yes. >> So especially those not taking design. Of course I can actually feel that and I'm I'm here to support those students who are not in design. This is what we offering here and that's what the students are going to play risk and act. You know we are not expecting to be perfect in the beginning but that is something that we are going to learn from each other and if we have a multidisciplinary of a students one can be the design students and one can be students in IT or science that would be great. So anyway, at the end you're going to create your startup pitch presentation with Adobe Rush and we have our workshop and startup pitch presentation to help you improve your skills. Okay. So I think with this information we reach to the end and I want once again to appreciate Elliot your time your valuable time and Julia again thank you very much for moderating the session and come up with all the summary points was very useful and again we are going to send an email to all of the students who attend today and those who are not here but they are going to watch this recording. Please join us as an audience or parti as a participate in this workshop and join us as an audience or more important competitors in the design for chain 2021. We