# VIDEO: Workshop 1  : Adobe Illustrator (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

So when I designed this arm, the dot, the circle here from there to there and there to the end is a 1 to 3. 75 ratio. So that's that's just something that I had to include there. For whatever you guys come up with for your designs. Hopefully we can come up with some great designs for educating young kids about STEM. And from your backgrounds, you probably have a much better understanding of science than I do. So hopefully we can get some really good engaging content in there. But just for this purpose, we're going to go over this trebushe file. So all of my lines here apart from this one here I have set up for cuts. So in that PDF that I sent through you will notice if you have a chance to look at it there's different lines for cutting etching vectors. So you can cut a vector and etch a vector. And then you can do fill etching which is black. So we'll have red, blue and black. And our file is set up for RGB. So this is how we will use our colors. So for this these files, I'll just select these ones for now. I'm going to change the stroke weight. So it's a 0. 1 points, but I'm going to use millimeters as my dimensions. And it's changed it to points. So, I'm going to go into my document setup, which I believe is in millimeters. So, I don't know why that is displaying that in points, but again, this isn't my laptop, so apologies for that. , but I've made sure that is now in the correct line weight. It's a bit hard to see now, as you can see. , but I will change the color of these because I want these to be cut lines. So, I'm going to change that to 255 value in the R, zero in the green, and zero in the blue. So, that gives me a 100% red line. And now it's going to be even harder to see, but if I zoom in, you can see it depending on the quality of the live stream. I'll blow them back up to 2 point just so we can see them. But we have to remember that when we export this for cutting, we will use 0. 01 mm as our line weight. I would do the same for these. Change them. Change the weight and change the color. So, one thing you'll notice in the trebuche that I have here, it doesn't have a platform in here in this area, which has what I realize is very important. It allows the sling to slide out without getting caught and also the weight doesn't get caught. So, that's this additional piece here, which I would glue in. And I think it's quite a nice place to put some text. So, I'm going to go through and design this. I'll even start from scratch because I know the dimensions of it. So, if I grab the rectangle tool and I have a single click without dragging, I can actually create a shape from just from dimensions. So my width will be 156 mm and my height will be 113 mm. So that's that there. And I will grab the text tool and zoom in on this shape. So, if I select something and then I zoom in using the control and plus or minus buttons on your keyboard, it will focus and center them. I'll then grab the text or the type tool and I will drag out a box. So, again, it's dropped in Laura Mipsum. I want to create the 2021 Sorry, I'm in caps lock stem. You'll see this red plus sign, which means that your text doesn't actually fit in the box that you've created for it. So, if I drag that out, I will see that. And it's trying to hyphenate that. And it's also so showing my spelling mistake. So I add the H in there. And you can see that's now made the box not visible or all of the text visible. So I'll select all of my text with control A. And I will go to the sorry character tab which was already open. , and I will reduce the size a bit just so I can get that all in there. Now that I've got that there as well, I'm going to show you how to use the align tool a little bit. , so the align tool is really handy. This is not going to be the most complicated scenario of using it. But you can use there's all different alignment settings. So you can align left, center, horizontal. These are in the horizontal plane. Top, center, bottom. You can even distribute objects. Not going to do anything in this setting, but they can be really handy, too. Another thing to note is that if you want to keep one thing that will stay still. So if you've selected so you select that and you hold the shift key you can select your text as well. What I'm going to do is just move this out of the way here just so it will show what it does. So I've selected both of them. I'm not holding the shift key anymore and I will just have a mouse click on the part that I want to stay still. And you'll see it'll secondly highlight it in the thicker blue line. So I will center that and also that. So I have my text here now. It's all centered and I'm ready to create the outlines. So, in the type there, I will create outlines. , I'm no longer going to need the fill because I'm going to do them as etch lines. , so I will grab the fill color there. So, you can select whichever one is on top is the one that you're going to edit. So, I've selected the black one and I don't want a fill on there. If I select that, I can then select the color that was last used, which was black. , but I'm going to need to change that. So, this one I'm going to use as an edge of a vector. So, I'll have 255 in the value of blue, zero in the value of red, and zero in the value of green. So, that will give me a pure blue line. However, that is not the right line weight. So again, it will etch vector lines only at 0. 01 millimeters. So that I will change again to there. Again, very hard to see. So I'll change that back to 2 point just for showing on this demonstration. And then again, if I did want to do those as a fill etch, I can cancel that color as an outline. I can select the fill. I'll just make it blue and then change my values. , and as a value representation, black is zero in all categories. , so this would create an etch line as you see in that PDF that I sent through. , which is a handy one to save for future reference if you're going to go down this path for your design. , that will etch all of that fill area. , and you can you can do this. , it is just something that takes a lot longer on the laser cutter. , so it's just something to keep in mind. If you don't really need to do that much fill area, it's probably something good to avoid. , for my original design for this, I had created a woodfill pattern, , which I thought might be quite engaging for the audience. , at the scale that this was cut out of plywood, you don't actually see any wood grain. So it would be wood grain on wood grain. But this is something that I created. And it's a process called clipping masks which are really handy in Illustrator. So, if I go and just grab anything off Google images, , in the context of this, I'll grab a trebushche. , so I'm going to create a new artboard. Drop this image on here. I'm going to use this shape as my clipping mask. So, I'm going to I'll use just one of these. , it's probably not the greatest example of a shape to use, but I'll use it anyway. , actually, I'll use Oops. So, , another thing that, , can be, , quite tricky in Illustrator is, , the layering of your objects. So for a clipping mask, I will show you how to not do this first. So in object arrange, I can send that to the back. So now my ellipse is at the back. I've selected both of them and I will go object clipping mask make and it'll tell