here already is the transform one. So transform will show the position which is here the X and Y coordinates of where your shape is on your screen and it will show the size. So I want to make a 90 mil square. I can do that. And if you also want to scale things together, you can click the chain and that will change both dimensions. So as you can guess the sort of tools will work as you sort of they're pretty intuitive. If you want to create a circle or a square you can hold the shift key and it will keep those dimensions locked in. Probably one of the strongest parts of Illustrator also is the pen tool. So I'll quickly show just how you can use the pen tool. And was there any questions or anything so far on I can't see the chat but all good. Okay. So, the pen tool is really great for doing curves and things like that. So, if you click and then hold your mouse button down, you can create curves and you're sort of limited with this to your imagination. This tool is really handy for tracing things if like live trace doesn't work. And then I will show you as well. So there's the two different selection tools. So you have the black arrow or the darkened arrow that is sort of used just to move things around and select things. But the direct selection tool, which is the A key, the select normal selection tool is V. You can modify your curves and things like that. So if I wanted to move my points, I can drag them around. And I can also alter these forgotten the name of these. Sorry. These you can grab and you can move them around. If you hold the alt key you can operate them singly. So they don't hold tangency between the two points on either side. So that's also something that's really handy. Another thing that you can do and you might need to use this for the project we're doing today or introducing today for your design will be sorry the just trying to move these zoom windows around. So if you click up here, you can also have multiple artboards for your designs in Illustrator. So you can hold alt and drag and that will copy or you can click new artboard here and that will create a new one next to it. So I'm guessing you might need to use some text for your projects. So you can create text boxes. Illustrator will al automatically place Lauram ipsum which is filler text in graphic design. But you can create whatever you want in there. So I will go 2021 stem want to write in all caps. , and you can select fonts like normal in a lot of your programs. , I want to use Monerat extra bold, which is the a very commonly used font here at Swimburn. You can change all sorts of things in font and you can also bring up in the window the type tool character and bring that up on its own. So you can manipulate sort of I'll just put this here to neaten up the screen a bit. You can sort of manipulate everything from spacing to sizing even the gaps between letters. So you can increase that or decrease that however you may want. , in the context of laser cutting, , one thing that might be really important depending how you want to use, , either for cuts or for, , etching, , there is the in the type tab there is create outlines of text. So you can select your text box type and create outlines. And as you can see, it's now changed that to a different context, which I will show an example of how you do that or sort of how that's explained. So with Illustrator as well, you have the power to change your fill color, which is here. So I'm going to select red and then your outline color which is black. So if I go to the stroke window I can increase the line weight. So now this has changed my text into a similar setting. So if I click in the group, each text piece now is a singular shape. If I select all of them, I can change the fill color to red. And if I add an outline stroke, which this is going to look very bad, but I'll just show it as an example. And I increase that weight a little bit. You'll see it sort of eats into the size of the shape. So in the context of laser cutting, which I'll explain later, you'll have zero fill and you'll have a 0. 01 mil line, which is not great to show in a presentation. So when we're setting that up at the end, I will I will just show that. So, , that's some of the basics. , another really handy, , part in Illustrator is the pathfinder tool. So, you'll often want to create, , shapes which include multiple different shapes in them. , so I'll create a few copies of this and show how the pathfinder will do them differently. So I'll just do three for now. , and sometimes these can be almost a little bit of trial and error. , sometimes they might not do exactly what you want. , but you will be able to use them and find out which one you want to use. , so there's the unite feature. So that will now create that as one shape. , and as you do your designs, this will become apparent why you want would want to use these. , so if I select both of these and do the minus front, that will take that away from that shape. And then if I'll scroll across. So this will choose the area that is intersected between the two. So their overlap and then if I go and do the same for those. So that will choose the area of overlap as an exclusion zone. And then you actually have two different shapes there. So when you go into their group which is when you double click you'll be able to edit that. So I'll move that back. And in the context of designing the trebuche that I designed these pathfinder tools have were really useful. Another thing that is really handy especially when your files get quite complex. Sorry, I'll just have to move this box again. , is the layers tool. So, , I'll drop a link in the chat now. So these are so the PDF that I've dropped in the chat is explaining how here at the proto lab at Swimburn how we set the files up for laser cutting. So I'll I'll actually go to my file now which I have set up for laser cutting almost. So these are the files that I designed for cutting my trebushchet. So I have two A3 sheets which I had cut in ply. The left one here is a 3M ply sheet and the right hand side is a 9 mil sheet which was a bit thicker and stronger and then the 3M allowed for more weight to be put in the basket. So in these files I'll go over setting them up for different things. , and I'll even add in some text onto this one and set that up for etching in two different fashions. So, I've designed my parts here and I did a bit of research before I started doing this and I actually made a cardboard prototype. , and I learned a few different things about the functions and dimensions of a trebuche. So the most important rule in my research that I found was that the length from the pivot point of the weight to the fulcrum should be 1 to 3. 75 to the length of the end of the arm where the projectile is swung. So that was my ratio that I had to keep in mind. So when I started designing my parts, which I've neatly nested on this sheet, I had them laid out a bit differently, but that's how I started designing them. So when I designed this arm, the dot, the circle here from there to there and there to the end is a 1 to 3. 75 ratio. So that's that's just something that I had to include there. For whatever you guys come up with for your designs. Hopefully we can come up with some great designs for educating young kids about STEM. And from your backgrounds, you probably have a much better understanding of science than I do. So hopefully we can get some really good engaging content in there. But just for this purpose, we're going to go