# VIDEO: Workshop 1  : Adobe Illustrator (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

see that there is a bunch of different object options here. , the native type for Illustrator is AI. , so we're going to save that as an AI. Again, not my laptop, so it's not letting me save the So, I'm automatically going to save it in the folder that it created for me. , so that's now saved that. And Sorry. Sorry, there's a fire engine driving past. And inside that saving there will be another bunch of options here. So we have legacy versions of Illustrator. So that's probably not that useful for today. And you guys all have access to the latest version of all programs. So, you might need to do that for someone. So, if you were sending a file to someone and they had Illustrator CS6, for instance, you can save it as that file type and it will allow them to be able to fully edit it. I'm going to leave it at 2020. So, when I reopen this file, all of my lines and everything, all the information will still be there. , and then if I export, , so there's a lot of different , options here. So you can export for screens. So for doing web design and things like that, there's a lot of options there. , and then, , another thing that is very handy for laser cutting, , depending what type of process you're going for, , DXF and DWGs, , might be the appropriate, , type. , you can save as like a JPEG or an SVG. , and that will give you a flat image. I'm not really going to need to use any of these exports today. , and a very common , export type from , a program like Illustrator is a PDF. , almost any phone, computer, , even down to probably some smart TVs and fridges could open , a PDF. So, I'll go save as a PDF. And again, it's going to bring up , a bunch more options. Just waiting for the computer. , so there's a lot of different settings here. , so there's the default Illustrator settings that will probably be okay for most situations. , there's high quality print. , we don't really have any, , high quality images in here or anything, so you would not need to go for that. And especially for laser cutting. Sort of the standard was is going to do. But you can look at if you are setting up for printing at like a paper printing shop sort of scenario you can set up bleeds and slugs and things like that and different colors. I'm going to just go Illustrator default and that will suffice for what I want to do. , did you want to add anything in there, Julia? I probably skipped over a lot of stuff there. >> I think that was actually pretty comprehensive. Yeah. I mean, could you just specify one more time which file you want to use for if you were to laser cut? >> , yep. So, for laser cutting, , it would a PDF will be fine. , so, , that will be good enough. And, , it's it's very easily openable. It's not as easily editable. So, , if you were going to send through a file for laser cutting, it could be handy to send both an AI file and a PDF. , if the PDF doesn't work, you can go back into the AI file. But, , yeah, that would be the, , sort of fine scenario for this setting. , so I could go there. , one thing that I did go over brush over, but I didn't actually spend too much time on was layers. , so what I will do is I'm going to rename these layers as cut. I'm going to have to move this again. Sorry. , and so I'll show you how to move those around. So, , my cut lines, which are these ones here, , I can go object arrange, and it's not letting me do that. , they're already in that layer. Sorry. , I will select these and these are my edge fills. So, I'll go object arrange. Make sure I'm in that layer. Sorry, it's not allowing me to select. , do you know why it wouldn't be doing that, Julia? Sorry. Normally I just double click and it selects them. >> , sorry. Run through once more what your >> I'm just trying to move switch them to layers. , so I can move it to the edge fill layer. >> , you might need to so actually open up the layer. So with the drop down arrow in the layers tab. >> Yeah. , and then grab whichever object you're trying to move and just click and drag it into the into the other layer. Oh, sorry. From the from the layers menu. So, yeah, it can be a bit tricky to find which one you want, but grab the actual the actual layer object name from the outliner. >> Sorry, I just >> There we go. >> There we go. >> Yeah. All right. And now you'll see that's gone green. , and if I hide all the other layers, you can see that it's just that there. , and then for just an example, I would intend to cut these, but I will make them blue now. Sorry, it's a bit hard doing this on a small screen. , so I'll go 0 and 255 in the blue, but that's gone as my fill color. So, I'll drag that across as my stroke color. And I'll get rid of the fill. And so, that was these ones here. And I'll drag that into my edge layer. , and then if I go like that, sorry, I didn't move them. It has moved. So, it's a bit confusing because this layer is red. So, I'll double click on that and then I'll change that to yellow. , so now that's similar to the other color, but I'll go there. So if I select those, , my highlight color will now be that color. , yeah, that's just sorry, sort of the last thing I will go over. , but did anyone have any specific questions on anything else? Just have a look. >> Elliot, can you please show us your design one more time if you can? >> The real the real life one. >> Yes. Okay. So from what you did here >> and then printed >> then you were able and you were able to assemble this. Yes. >> Yeah. So I simply glued those pieces in. The only extra pieces that I've added to this were I replaced the basket with a bag. I couldn't get enough weight in the basket that I had originally cut. So I created a bag to do that. , and I created a sling , just with some , canvas that I had lying around the house. , you could use an offcut of cloth or anything really for that. , and then you might be able to see them here, but they're just some little eye books that I got from Bunnings. , so it's a pretty basic construction. , but it does the job. , and yeah, there might be some extra things that you need to add to your design. , or you could design it completely with just laser cut parts. , there could be some really good puzzles and things like that would add a lot of STEM value to students. , you could make a game like operation with laser cutting quite easily. So, if it was to promote something, about the environment or women in STEM or something like that, you could definitely create some sort of interactive games with laser cutting. And the other thing that I didn't really go over was that we will be able to do a bunch of different materials. So we can do plywood in three, five, 9 and 12 mil thicknesses. Acrylic in 2, 3, 5, 6 and 9 mil. Cardboard in two and three and box board in 3 mil. So these are quite a lot of different materials that you could use. Acrylic you can get in all sorts of colors clear through to black, white, red, green, sort of every color of the rainbow. And with cardboard, if you did want to do it, you could set it up so that you had a print out mounted on some card and then laser cut on top of that. That would be an option. If you wanted to bring in some more general sort of graphic design stuff. So there's a lot of options that you could do with this. And again, if you had something that you wanted to design even if it didn't really need