STEM prototype is going to be aligned with the worldleading customer experience or you want to consider your STEM prototype design to be aligned with the climate change or you want to improving everyday life of people. So think about all of these themes. These are all align with the I A vision which is our industry partner. The second vision it's about how this inbeor vision this foundation and this group and this organization are supporting any great initiative idea or any design which can be a educational design who inspire which inspire the girls and women's in a STEM. So think about the regional area and think about how we can inspire girls and women's in STEM coming to the science engineering it. So maybe your prototype it can help us to do that. Again part of the workshop that we are going to offer this is the first one. The second one I already mentioned Adobe XD which is going to be April I think 15th of April and the third workshop is going to be Adobe rush where you are going to learn about how you create the video because whatever you are going to do with your design you need to come up with four minutes video startup video so you can see the judging video creation. So your design is important. Of course your startup component which is aligned with one of these real world challenges is also important. So there is a problem you find a solution and your prototype is going to support. So please consider the judging video creation. The Adobe workshop three is sorry the workshop three is about the Adobe rush which you are going to learn how you create the video and also there is one hour startup pitch presentation which we train you are going to be learn how we can create the startup pitch presentation. So again please consider this is the first workshop. You have three free workshop. The registration is going to be the 300 words atline your stem prototype emailing to myself and then that is going to be due date by 16th of May 2021. The all the you know the 4minut videos are going to be collected and we are going to have a live showcase on 27th of May where we are going to introduce the judges are going to decide on the winner and h as a winner you are going to receive 1,000 bucks and you're going to get a professional experience supported by IG and you're going to be recogn the recognition one credit with the Swimburn emerging leaders program depend on the prototype that you design. The story of your success is going to be published in a swimb newsletter. So please be stay with us and I guess you already know Julia already informed you about the Adobe team, one of our great collaborator and we have employability as this another great collaborator. This is the workshop one. We are going to contribute to the sustainable future and thinking about the circular economy and think about the shape of STEM in the future. So and please make sure you are in contact with us and we are going to make sure you are in contact with employability. I think that's the last slide about the career and employability team and emerging leaders. So I guess that is all I wanted to say. If you never access to the career hub that is the place that you can improve your employability skills. Now I would like to hand to Elliot. Sorry that it takes a big time but I just wanted to cover everything. Thank you very much everyone. >> Thank you Peter. I'll start just a little talking a little bit. I had a technical meltdown before and I'm not currently on my own laptop. I'm on a borrowed laptop because my laptop died and I didn't have my charger. So, apologies for any tech problems. So, for the design of a prototype, I went with laser cutting using Illustrator and my design is a trebuche, which was laser cut. I won't be able to show it just because I can't really get it on screen and use operator. But so this is what I've designed. They this is designed to educate like primary school age children on mechanics and things like that. They can experiment a bit with weight and different sizes and positions of where you put the pins and stuff like that and it will alter how far the trebuche throws. So that was the design I went with. I'll start sharing my screen and I'll show you how I got to where I've where I've gotten to. So, , the Adobe suite of products, it used to be called the Adobe suite, it's now the Creative Cloud. , are an amazing group of products. I think Illustrator might be my favorite one. , Illustrator, in design, and Photoshop seem to be my favorites. , but there's a lot of good new ones coming out. Spark is great to get really quick , web pages and things like that. , Adobe Rush is a more easy sort of video editing software and it's it's great to use. So, , yeah, I think any of these products that you will learn, , will be a really good addition to your skill set, , and help you with your employability in the future. , being said, , so hopefully all of you have, , had the chance to download Illustrator through the creative cloud. , and I'll start by opening a new file. So, , you'll go new. Might be a little bit different if you're on a Mac or PC. , for this instance, I'm going to work in millimeters because I'm using measurements. , depending on what you're using, , you can use a bunch of different things. I seem to work in millimeters. I know Julia might work in other things depending on the situation. So if you look in there are a bunch of presets. So here we have print and the standard ones A4 letter print large. You can view all presets. I'm going to select a A3 sheet. It's automatically changed it to points. So I'll go back to millimeters and I want to work in landscape. So that will create a new page. And if I hold control and minus I will be able to zoom in and out. So the basics of Illustrator will probably be where you start will be using the shape tools. So we have rectangle, ellipse, polygon, star tool and the line segment. Illustrator uses vector so vector artwork. So vectors are based on sort of a dimensioned drawing or shape on the screen. So when you draw a square for instance or a rectangle, you can scale that up to sort of any size and it will retain all its information. Whereas if you did that with a pixelbased image, it would distort the image slightly because it only has a certain amount of p pixels. Whereas a vector will be able to scale and not lose any of that detail. So, that's one area where Illustrator is really useful. You could blow things up sort of to billboard size and they still wouldn't would retain all their information. So that's sort of how you can use the rectangle tool basically. The sorry the zoom screen thing is in my way a bit here. I'll move it down the bottom. So a really handy place to remember to look in Illustrator is the window tab up the top. , some really handy tools that I seem to use a lot are align, , stroke, , transform, and pathfinder. , but as you go further along with Illustrator, you'll seem to use a bunch of different ones. For today's purpose, th those ones will probably be our main ones. And you'll see they sort of group together. One other thing I will mention is that for laser cutting we will want to use RGB color. That's just specifically for the laser cutter process we use. So there will be different ways of doing that but for today's purpose that's what we're going to do. There's also another handy one which is just here already is the transform one. So transform will show the position which is here the X and Y coordinates of where your shape is on your screen and it will show the size. So I want to make a 90 mil square. I can do that. And if you also want to scale things together, you can click the chain and that will change both dimensions. So as you can guess the sort of tools will work as you sort of they're pretty intuitive. If you want to create a circle or a square you can hold the shift