# VIDEO: Empowering women in STEM for sustainable impact (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Good morning everyone and welcome to our panel discussion empowering women in STEM for sustainable impact. So we want to you know this is kind of us coming together annually during national science week and we are excited to share our you know journey with you. So we have a group of women in a STEM who are successfully working in the different organizations and they will bring their story and the opportunities to share with you. Next slide please. So before we start I would like to go with the acknowledgements of the country. So I would like to pay my respect to you know to all the indigenous people from here in Australia and I know that we have guests from Malaysia. So I would like to pay my respect to the traditional owner and indigenous people in Malaysia. So we would like to pay our respects to the eldest, past, present and emerging. And I've luck to see how this connection and this communication bring us together and how we can exchange our you know knowledge and shape the future. So the agenda is going to I've already covered the acknowledgement of the country. I have a few seconds of introducing the start talking competition 2024 which is this panel discussion is the first workshop and we have other few other workshop for the training how for example creating a narrative video inspiring video so and we discuss about that so then we have a science week at swimm so I will invite you to be updated and stay connected and informed with what we are doing during National Science Week this week at Swinburn and across the whole dinner state. And we have an amazing inspiring story which is going to be shared by Amelia. I let her to tell you what's happening around what she did and what she experienced and of course with the sustainable impact that she is looking and working on it in her daily I think basis of her work and of course we are going then to have the majority of this time covering about the questions which is related about the empowering women in a stem for sustainable impact. So with this I would like to go with the next slide and to discuss about start topping competition. So for those who do not know me my name is beta and I'm from the school of science in streamburn. So with my colleague u Castelan and Irene from Sowak we lead a shaping STEM futures program. With this program we are running two annual competition with the passion about science communication because we believe that people's knowledge is a powerful source and if you are doing fantastic work across different discipline it doesn't matter what is your discipline and it's not limited to STEM. So if you are design student, art students, someone who's working with employability, someone who's looking at technology, so any discipline, any topic that is your passion or you have a research about it, you can unpack the challenge with your recommendation or solution with a social impact. So people should know about what fantastic works you are doing. So this fourminut video is the entry to this competition and it's going to be submitted to me and it's going to be live showcased in during week 13 semester 2 2024. So if you have any question you can ask me and this QR code takes you to the story of success of previous year which was from Sarowak. So one of the amazing 4-minut in you know video with the social impact and most of this video is going to be aligned with the 17 sustainable development goals that I've added here. So whatever we are doing it should be some you should have a vision and they should be linked to one of these 17 goals. So that video is going to be an entry to start talking and with this we come to the next slide where I would like to invite Sarah to inform us about what is happening in during national science week and this science week at swimburn. >> Thank you Peter. Hi everyone. My name is Sarah. So, I'm an astrophysicist at Swimburn University, but also a keen science communicator. , and we just wanted to share a little bit about what else we're doing this science week to get everybody engaged. So, we have two more events coming up. One is tomorrow night in person on the Swimburn Hawthorne campus, and that's a tour of Einstein's virtual universe. And then we also have one next Monday night again on Hawthorne Swimburn campus, which is a pizza and a panel. , and it's a discussion with different scientists about their careers in STEM. , so I'll share those links in the chat now. But I also wanted to highlight and reiterate everything that Bea was saying is how important it is, especially for women in STEM to communicate our science and to be able to show up for things like science week and share what we do. One of the biggest problems we have historically in science is that we don't have representation of everybody. , and that's changing very slowly, but we are getting there. And it's often about building up our skills and our confidence and each other and being able to support each other and lift each other up because we all do amazing work and you all are doing amazing things. So I hope you enjoy science week and I hope you enjoy science ahead of this week. Thank you so much Sarah for introducing this amazing events. And with that I would like to invite Amelia to introduce herself and her role and give us a short story of inspiring a story of her trip. And here we go. So Amelia. >> Hi everyone. Nice to see you all. I'm Amelia Pearson. So I thought so I'm I'm a Tazzy girl. , I grew up sort of in the wilderness amongst the likes of alpacas and turkeys. , and I feel like I've always had a love of science and a love of adventure. , and I think that has kind of sort of upon reflection kind of led me to where I am today. , and I'm not quite sure what the future holds. So, we're going to unpack that a little bit as well today. So if you want to go to my next slide. Awesome. So this is me in the elements. I think science communication for me started many years ago. As I was trying to unpack you know what science kind of means. How do I make sense of it and how do I communicate it to other people? I started the STEM communication organization, Let's Talk, way back in, I think, 2016, 2017. And that was all about trying to get undergraduate students excited about science communication and being able to communicate what they were learning at university to people maybe for future jobs, for their moms, their dads, their grandparents, and for their peers as well. I spent some time in Fiji looking at science communication around plastic pollution. And I think through that experience it was really amazing and it showcased you know how you try and sort of understand what a community needs first without bringing in sort of your own expertise and you let others kind of really lead the discovery particularly of challenges. Some of the you know key challenges that we're facing now and then I decided that I wanted to do a little bit more formal education around science communication and so I went off and joined the Quicon Science Circus and traveled around Australia doing science shows for kids. So, , that was everything from, you know, lighting my hands on fire to making thousands of liters of slime, , to play with, and that was a really cool experience. Next slide. So, I think that science communication means lots of different things and through my experiences over the past decade or so, , it's been a real showcase of that. So this slide is kind of I think a nice showcase of the diversity of what cyclom can kind of look like. In the bottom right you've got me presenting to a bunch of students on camera who were in rural and remote Australia and having a look at water tension. Above that, we've got communication to a bunch of policy makers and climate scientists and looking at how we can translate the science to people who need it most. We've got some really cool graphics on the screen looking at how visual tools can be really powerful in communicating the science. We've got a couple of articles, so the power of writing. And then we've kind of got more of a comedy piece in the bottom left