started. >> I'd love to build on what Amelia just said. When I think about you know 2050 or even the next couple of years increasingly in corporate environments we're expected to consider alternatives or variations to our standard work descriptions more and more regularly and more and more frequently. So the amount of time an individual can specialize on a particular piece of previously acquired expertise gets shorter and shorter. And so retraining and diversification being flexible around what my role is when I begin in an organization and around what it can be should be a very exciting proposition as long as the organization can provide more support and a leadership structure that increasingly reflects that kind of need to change and support people. So that involves helping people within the flow of their work to diversify and change their capabilities and sort of keep pace with I know AI is what everyone's talking about at the moment. What kind of skill sets can we bring into the workplace that empowers people to acquire that capability on the job rather than you know sit patiently and wait for the next crop of graduates to come through with that specialization. And so when I think about 2050 and STEM, it's that and I hope that this is a positive thing for everyone who's currently sitting in their final studies is that the learning associated with how you can be productive in society just continues beyond your formal education. >> That was a great point to consider. So, Raongi, you have a great connections with a lot of students during your you know your organization STEM sisters. What is your observation and what do you think that is ideal future and what is the role for us? >> Yeah, for me broadly STEM why we what's the most important aspect or what we can bring into the society is to fix a lot of challenges. It can be climate, it can be inequalities and that's that's the STEM biggest role and in order to do that we need to be really innovative. So in order to bring who to really innovate one of the key factors is to bring diversity in. So my vision is to see the cross-section of the society reflects in every part of decision making in an organization who is stem and non- stem based so that we can really fix solutions to the society right so that's what I envision to have but the b like the challenge that I see like the world economic summit says just to bridge the gender pay back pay gap It's 134 years. So it's not going to be in the next years happening. But I honestly believe if we all put our effort and really make conscious choices to reflect diversity, of course I have a very special mission because I believe not in umbrella solutions, very target solutions. So that's why I specialize for women and women of color. But it's not just the only intersectional groups, right? It's everyone. We just need to have a cross-section of our society. Reflect in the places of decision making throughout the organization from the very early to the top. Reflect in this diversity then we can see a better future. So that's what I'm hopeful for. That's what I'm striving for and I want to create that awareness within everyone. >> Fantastic. Thank you so much Robangi for that reflective comments. I guess I would like to come with Miko because you're you know you were involved in the industry and now you're a senior lecturer in computing science. So how do you contribute to this question? >> Yeah, thank you Vida. Actually I also have the similar point with Aruangi. In my opinion the ideal future for women in STEM in the next 30 years I really hope that we can achieve the same progress no matter which part of the world we are in because coming from like the industry working with a company headquartered in Europe working in Singapore and now working in Malaysia I observe that the progress that women instead achieve actually varies from nation to nation but hopefully with the technology advancement that we have and all the activities that we have like today we can actually have a future where all women are from regardless of where they are from the world they are fully represented at all levels at the company or institute that they are working at also because the way that we are raised in Malaysia I think there's a stigma you know for women to pursue a STEM career at least the way that I'm raised when I told my parents I want to study engineering they would say why don't you choose you know finance accounting we do have that stigma but I can see that over the few decades things has changed because of the activities that we have organized we see woman astrophysicist we see woman astronaut and hence I think people also changed the perspective and I hope that this can be continued and by 2050 we can achieve the similar progress for every countries in the world yeah >> thank you so much. That would be amazing because I think one of the things that it's important for our women to have a role model because you know historically we don't have that many executive manager or leaders or you know role models in women's for any type of the limitation we have experience. So as much as we have more you know connection and again this is not this is about the partnership between and I'm keen on Amelia started with the multid-disciplinary I'm really keen to see like I think we are passionate educators coming to bring students from different discipline from different gender from different culture and from different educational sector to work together and that's the key I think if you want to have an impact in a society we need to show them that we work together and of course we are connected with them that's why it's the role of science communication once there are something so there is an area like we see like there are some schools we can visit we can in our students can inspire kids into the STEM because the data that shows that how many of our kids going to the STEM it's another issue and this is not just in Australia. I was in Koala Lumpur one month ago and I we had this record and this type of discussion but I think yeah that bring us to mentorship and I would like to invite H anie to discuss and add that your comments on that. >> Thanks Peter. I think one of the important things in terms of enabling this future where all the other panelists has mentioned is that you know we need to start young. We need to encourage young girls and young women to look at STEM and it's it's not you know it's it's like that analogy you know we get a girl a Barbie versus a boy truck or whatnot right so we need to encourage them young and as educational systems that needs to start from there from primary school to look at you know building that relationship with science and technology and in terms of mentorship ship. I think we all learn from others. I think there's always that things we can draw from others and I think really it's really important that we have that connection and that it's enabled to be able to connect with people who has walked that path before as well. So there's plenty of people here in this panel as well as the students who are you know in their first to final years that you all have a responsibility in terms of encouraging our young students to you know take that path and you know what are the benefits and what and as I talk about what the drawbacks are as well but also you know working together I think we even though we might not achieve gender parity as Rangi mentioned that's going to take 134 years. How at least you know if you can make some subway by 2050 I think that would be great achievement. >> Thank you so much Hansi. So I guess again if you have any question and concerns that it's not included in the list of the questions that I'm sharing with our amazing panelists you're welcome to add in the chat and I try to collect them and I come with the answers. So I guess this bring us to the contribution. I think we talk about the impact of the technology and we talk about the you know how we are you know looking at the future for any students in the STEM particularly women in