# VIDEO: Empowering women in STEM for sustainable impact (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

much. We might just unpack on that with inviting who's next? I can't really see all of the members, but I would like to invite maybe Hansy Yeah, no worries. Peter U. So, my name is Hans Nisanka. I am the founder of YouTube Mentor. So, it's a platform for peer-to-peer mentoring and personal development. , the research actually showed that McKenzie's research shows that where with women in STEM, there's about 25% more the companies are more likely to achieve above average profitability. In terms of what Cydia said as well, the landscape has been changing and the tools we are using are going to be changing especially with AI coming on board as well and we've seen that the rapid movement in the last 12 to 18 months especially but it's also hardly segmented into you know few large organizations. So really it's about you know how do we navigate from this crucial pilot phase you could say to you know it's rapidly developing to h how do we kind of go forth from there. There's also research kind of showing that you know 65% of women who believe that you know remote working will help them as well because as women we need to acknowledge that we have another role to play in society as well that is you know most of you know we have families and there's that nurturing role. So it's also about acknowledging as us that as well and understanding that this is part of it and that you know we need to have flexibility as well in going forward as well. Thank you so much Mahansi for sharing some of the literature around what is the you know the impact of the technology but we are coming back to that and I would like to ask Robongi I don't know if you're in the room so >> yes I am in hello everyone lovely to see you all the panelist and all the students and the Swinburn community for joining so I'm Ruangi Fernando. I'm in STEM expertise. I'm an AI researcher. Can't call it a researcher these days. I'm not doing much research. But I'm an entrepreneur. In addition to that, I'm a I work I have a nonprofit called STEM sisters and also a for-profit organization called Immco and Dare. So all of these are very much tied into gender diversity issues around women and specific groups of women of color. That's what I do on a daily base at the bow. But in answering your question beta I really see like you know what technology like there are I always I'm a technologist so I'm I'm a fan of technology. I always see any sort of issues that comes with technology is all to do with ethics and how who is behind it and how we use it. But for women technology has been the greatest enabler. Lot of victories that we have come through in our generations and previous is due to technology. So I am a very positive person looking things how we can really enable technology to advancement of gender diversity issues and as Hassini mentioned some of them with flexibility and so many problems can be solved through technology. So that's what I would like to say. >> Thanks for bringing that positive impact of the technology in our future of life of women in a STEM. So I would like to ask also Miko to add on the comment and of course introduce yourself first please and then start adding to the comments about the technology. >> All right thank you beta and good morning everyone to the panelists and student students. My name is Miko and greetings from Sarowak. So we are located in Malaysia, the Bono Island part of Malaysia with two hours different from Australia, Melbourne. I'm currently a senior lecturer with the Siman University of Technology Zara campus teaching and researching on data science and advanced data analytics. So previously I were I was studying and working in Singapore. I came from a biomedical engineering background and along the way I realized that I have a strong interest in computing. So I pivoted to have a career in data science before I returned to my hometown Sarawa and teach in Siman Sarawa. So going back to the questions by beta I really agree with the previous panelists that technology has already helped women to break a lot of the barriers as compared to the generation before us. In particular, I personally feel that technologies like Zoom, Microsoft Teams allow us to have flexible working, remote working and also digital collaborations where we can have panelists from different countries in one room and these are the things that the previous generation might not be able to enjoy. So as a student I believe that you should also embrace technology especially the generative AI use them responsibly and also use it to increase your productivity so that you will have more time for meaningful creative work. So that's my two cent back to you. Thank you so much Mo and I agree with all of the comments and I would like to see how Amelia you going to provide a last comment on the technology and especially because you practice I know that you are graduated and students in science communication and you talk about your trip with CSIO I believe I would like to see how you look at the technology and the impact of the technology ology and what that means for us in a STEM particularly women why we need to have women in a STEM as a leaders to use of the technology. >> Sure. So I guess I was thinking about it from a bit of a different lens. So I work at the MES climate change communication research hub as the operations manager there. , and in climate change, we face a lot of misinformation. And so I see technology playing a really key role in kind of combating misinformation. , in my kind of area of expertise in climate change. , but I think kind of across the board in lots of different disciplines, misinformation is very much prevalent. , and I think that while this I mean it might not kind of directly tie into women's role but I think particularly in the communications kind of area the way that technology can be used to combat misinformation I think is really powerful and we'll need to use it a lot more going forward. >> Fantastic. Thank you so much Amelia. So I guess I would like to start with the next question where we are to thinking about you know STEM leaders and again this is not about just the women. So we want to discuss about inclusive and partnership between the women and you know men and our STEM and students as a leader in future. So what does the ideal future look like? What do you suggest from what you experience or the way that you're looking at the future? What does the ideal future look like to you? Is there any challenges or concern? Is there any limitation? So what is your suggestion to our STEM students who are coming from different field? IT computing science students might be the majority are in the room today. But we are looking for different discipline and any majors in science. So for anyone wants to start that would be great. >> I can start. >> Yeah, Amelia go for it. I was talking to someone about this the other day actually and the fact that we are increasingly becoming interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary and so being really open to different perspectives and you know particularly PhDs that have both kind of a core science and a social science aspect are becoming increasingly common. , and so I guess the ideal future is to have people that are really equipped with multiple skill sets that can kind of combine to make sure that whether it's kind of a communications problem or a technological problem that we can look at them from really diverse perspectives. That was a great point and I have something to add on it but I will let the panelists to discuss if you have any points to add to what Amelia started. >> I'd love to build on what Amelia just said. When I think about you know 2050 or even the next couple of years increasingly in corporate environments we're expected to consider alternatives or variations to our standard work descriptions more and more regularly and more and more frequently. So the amount of time an individual can specialize on a particular piece of previously acquired expertise gets shorter and shorter. And so retraining and diversification being flexible around what my role is when I begin in an organization and around what it can be should be a very exciting