# VIDEO: Empowering women in STEM for sustainable impact (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

me presenting to a bunch of students on camera who were in rural and remote Australia and having a look at water tension. Above that, we've got communication to a bunch of policy makers and climate scientists and looking at how we can translate the science to people who need it most. We've got some really cool graphics on the screen looking at how visual tools can be really powerful in communicating the science. We've got a couple of articles, so the power of writing. And then we've kind of got more of a comedy piece in the bottom left where we were looking at misinformation around both climate change and co. So I was dressed up as fake expert and through this we basically did a skit around you know how misinformation gets sort of spread and can sort of perpetuate myths that often people don't even realize that they might sort of be connecting with. So, this is kind of, yeah, I think a nice overview of what science communication has looked like for me so far. , but I wanted to have a bit of a dive into one of my latest expeditions, which was to the very, very cold Southern Ocean. Next slide. This is CSRO's RV Investigator, a mammoth almost 100 meter ship which is docked in Hobart and I had the privilege to jump aboard RV Investigator at the end of last year for almost 6 weeks. I so my role was as a communicator and I worked alongside a guy from IMAS which is their marine and Antarctic science center down in Hobart to communicate the science that was happening on board the vessel and we unfortunately we didn't actually make it right the way to Antarctica but we did make it to the roughest part of the southern ocean so we traveled about to about halfway way between Hobart and Antarctica to the middle of the Antarctic circumpolar current. Now, the Antarctic circumpolar current is the most kind of ravenous current in the world and it spins around Antarctica. , and essentially it kind of acts like a force field. So, it keeps the warmer waters to the north out and it keeps the cold water around Antarctica in to make sure that the icy continent stays frozen. But what scientists have realized over the past few years is that current is actually getting leaky. And so we went down there to investigate, you know, why that actually might be. The kind of consequence of a leaky current is that Antarctica will melt more quickly. And obviously that's a little bit of a problem given that it plays a really key role in reflecting a lot of the heat that's coming sort of into the into our atmosphere and into the planet keeping that heat away. I can't say that it was all, you know, a magical joy ride because I was horrifically seasick for the first probably 5 days. I lived on what are they called? Like rice crackers. Salt and vinegar rice crackers, which I cannot bear the sight of anymore. And then on day five, I managed to eat a potato. , and I knew that it was all going to be up from there. But life on board was it was pretty insane. We had scientists working 12-hour shifts, so people were working round the clock with crew members working around the clock as well. We had some really insane equipment on board. So, , for example, and you'll see in actually it was in the, , previous slide, but basically we've got these things called CTDs, and they get lowered. , so yeah, in the in the ship image, there's like a little white door , on the side, and I think if you press I think it's a video actually, beta. Yeah. So, in a minute you'll see out of that door pops this little instrument and that's called a CTD. And essentially what that does is that it gets lowered to the bottom of the ocean which in our case was about 4 km below the surface of the water and when it goes down it collects samples. And so, , at different depths, the little bottles open, and that means that when it's brought back up to the to the ship, you've got kind of, , a showcase of what the ocean looks like from the very bottom of the ocean all the way back up. And you can see how the temperature changes, , how the maybe the salinity changes, whether there are more nutrients, , in there and things like that as well. So that was one of the key pieces of scientific equipment that we used on board. And then yeah, my role was to kind of communicate what the that instrumentation was for and why it was really important. >> I think Amelia just to concern sorry that I disturb you concern about the timing. Can we keep all some of those in inspiring you know stories as part of the answering to the question in the panel discussion? >> Yeah. Yeah. If you can complete in maybe 30 seconds. >> Yeah. So if we just go to the next slide. This is where I wanted to end. I just wanted to end with a little video that's kind of showcases day in the life of my time on board. So the video is the middle one. >> Yeah. >> Cool. >> And there should be sound on it, too. >> Oh, okay. Maybe we didn't take that. That's all right. Thing. >> This was the lab that you worked with your team. >> Yeah. So that was the lab and this was the back deck >> where all the kind of sciency work was happening. And of course, there was always time for table tennis, which is a whole new experience when you're playing on a rocking boat. Fantastic. That was amazing. Thank you so much, Amelia, for sharing your story. And of course this is just a very abstract of what you've done but I think for our students if you are interested to get more information write your question in the chat and we try to collect it. If you don't answer it all of the question in this short u panel discussion we will come back to you with the answers. I want to make sure that all of the students concern is going to be answered. So with this we come to the panel discussion and I would like to start with the first question because I think this question is kind of and with this question I want to invite everyone to introduce themselves before they start answering that question. So that question is about technology and the trend of the technology for our women in a STEM. So I would like to know what does the changing role of the technology mean to our students and particularly to the women in STEM. So I think I would like to start with do you know maybe Celia you going first and you please you introduce yourself. So this is a quick way of introducing and then you if you have a comment on that question and then we pass to the next member. >> Thanks Peter and thanks for having me. My name is Cecilia TMBI. I am representing I A. The team that I work in at I A concerns itself with capability for our technology and operations team members. That also includes by the way our graduate program. I will drop a link to promote that grad program. I hope all of you will consider it. So the question is around what does the changing role of technology mean for women in STEM and for a person who works within technology without a technology degree I would say that there are fewer and fewer places to hide from technology which is to say all of us are required within the corporate environment to have an increasing appreciation for an expectation to work with technology whether that be rudimentary coding skills or extracting information via reports. We are all of us working within a technology field even if we didn't expect to. I hope that answers your question. Beta, >> thank you so much. We might just unpack on that with inviting who's next? I can't really see all of the members, but I would like to invite maybe Hansy Yeah, no worries. Peter U. So, my name is Hans Nisanka. I am the founder of YouTube Mentor. So, it's a platform for peer-to-peer mentoring and personal development. , the research actually showed that McKenzie's research shows that where with women in STEM, there's about 25% more the companies are more likely to achieve above average profitability. In terms of what Cydia said as well, the landscape has been changing and the tools