connections students working with the local stakeholders in Malaysia, local students we had group of students coming from business climate justice law, psychology, science, engineering, aviation. So all of the different discipline and then they just see the you know they were inspired by how this you know this kind of multidisiplinary with a passion on something that you do care it helps them to grow and it helps them to grow to connect to those people that they do something about it. So I was witness on that and it was amazing. Do we have any other question and comments from the OP panelists otherwise I'm going to share the next question which bring us maybe you know I think all of our students are interested to know about and you can bring your all of your comment in this question. So we think about the now we are having generation z in most of our classes. So the data shows that how many of our generation z is going to be the employee of future jobs. So I think thinking about this u our vision to make the world a better place to live. So what do you think what are the skills and what are the you know essential tasks that they could are students particularly women in STEM but again we are thinking about an exclus inclusive u decision here with the help of women and you know the our men students together what is the essential skills for the future job linked to the sustainable impact and linked to protecting our planet. Mo >> yes I just have a very short one based on my observation I think the most important skill right now in this rapidly changing world is the skill to learn. So lifelong learning is something that we will never be able to avoid because things are changing really fast. So I would like to you know share with all the student on my favorite quote to encourage them to continue to learn is that we are all the luckiest person among the luckiest people on earth to be at the leading edge to acquire knowledge you know while cognitive capability is what the world is appreciating right now and the students you are young healthy and smart you are on the right place at the right moment don't blow it's a long life it takes discipline there's no magic so just focus learn and excel in every task that you are assigned to. Yeah, >> thank you so much Ma and every panelist I would like to hear from you because this is I think the main question for our students you know in the second year or third year of their study and they're looking at a potential you know career in future. What is your recommendation for them and what are the opportunities you might have to introduce and what are their skills take this now Peter I think we've been in a time where more technical skills were more used as the foundation but we're moving into where technical and soft skills are required the tools we might use for technical skills might be different you know each year that's changing But in terms of soft skills, you know, being able to the communication skills, the teamwork, adaptability, I think really important is resilience as well. , Mik mentioned that lifelong learning and that means that there's going to be continuous changing environment. , and we need to have resilience. I think that's one of the really important skills to build. >> Thank you. And I can see there are some questions in the chat. If any of the panelists get a chance to respond, that would be amazing. But do we want to who's going to be next? >> Yes, Peter, I can go because I agree on the lifelong of learning and then resilience to add on. I think being curious is so important especially in the areas of science or STEM related. I think that brings your spark and being like how do you be curious is to really you know get to know like you know what's going around be participating engage with things so then you would understand would like to find your passion through your curiosity so these are because the rest of the like we may see now oh there is a huge boom in AI and it will be staying though whether you like it or not So all of these what you need to learn new is in the you know it's in your fingertips. So any skill that you need to learn that is so many means and methods learning has been access to knowledge has been so easy now. So there is no problem with that. But if you're not curious if you're not passionate is really hard to take that lifelong learning you know. So I think that's important to have those niches. In addition to some of the question that is mentioned about bringing how to encourage young women or men or boys or girls into STEM I would say again especially for girls I think we need more many more role models. So because if I share some statistics there is 36% of women enroll girls enrollment into STEM studies of course we are not 50% yet but the bigger problem is also out of that only 15% work in STEM industry so there is an industrial issue of welcoming women who have with qualification also and to really keeping them there. So we need to really have that problem fixed. So through showcasing your mothers and aunties and who not is working in STEM, staying in STEM, getting to leadership in STEM is so important to see that in for the next generation. And the other aspect that I see to encourage is to make science a part of your daily life as to see the science behind in every natural phenomenon or something like that. So in that way you become closer to science rather than this is a distant you know activity happening. So I would encourage if you really are thinking about bringing young or old or anyone into science interested during this national science week STEM sisters organized something called as so science. It's where scientists meet the general public. So there's 12 amazing scientists. Brea was one of them last year and we have 12 new scientists this year. They are women and non-binary speakers that we have invited for during the national science week at the state library this Friday. Anyone keen to attend you know simply it's for anyone in the public society. So young old anyone into learning about sciences. So you can get to know more 12 different science experiments or things that there are these amazing scientists doing. So you know being curious is so important and then really sharing what you do as scientists with the general world because end of the day general public are the real investors of science. So you know as scientists what we use as funding or resources is the taxpayers money. So it's equally important to share your learnings not just in a scientific journal or a scientific presentation. It's important very important to share with the broader community. Yes. Thank you Brita. >> Thank you Raangi. Do we have more comments from the panelists? I just want to raise one thing else before I ask panelists and we are going to finish in three minutes. So I guess one of my student generations at 20 years old in the study tour in Malaysia she said beta we grew up with a technology and I had a dream to work as influencer because it's kind of bring me a joy money everything that I wanted and use of that technology and that skills that I'm interested and I'm and then now after that trip she said that beta find the identity how I'm going to act as influencer. So now I've decided to bring all of my activity f with the focus of climate change. So as an educator if we have one students comes to act as influencer and have a vision to work with climate change then that is kind of do you know that's kind of our role this is maybe if I can inspire one student then everyone can do it and then imagine the board with all of these you know connections so that's kind of an strong you know I really believe in small things can be an huge impact. Any comments from panelists? Amelia? >> I just had two things. One for anyone kind of thinking about future careers, feeling stuck, whatever. If you think someone is cool or they have the job that you want, I highly encourage you to reach out to them and tell them that.