# VIDEO: Empowering women in STEM for sustainable impact (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

be great achievement. >> Thank you so much Hansi. So I guess again if you have any question and concerns that it's not included in the list of the questions that I'm sharing with our amazing panelists you're welcome to add in the chat and I try to collect them and I come with the answers. So I guess this bring us to the contribution. I think we talk about the impact of the technology and we talk about the you know how we are you know looking at the future for any students in the STEM particularly women in the STEM how the ideal future look like but I think and I hope that is going through the u proper mentorship. So but I think we are talking about the contribution. I think everyone needs to start from I think every one of us working and including students. We I think we have a responsibility and if even we come with a small you know responsibility and role and being proactive that will together collectively that brings a huge impact. So I think that's why now we want to talk about our roles and our contributions something as a team or something as an opportunity that panelists they would like to share with your you know from where you are working or what your experience or what you observe. So it can be encouraging and it can help our students to reflect on their role. So let's talk about the contribution and I think we talk about the contribution to sustainability. So but this could be any of any vision that we have which is linked to one of these 17 development sustainable goals. So yeah if you have any comments to share. So I would like to start with Raongi because I know that a lot of your activities it's align with this 17 development sustainable goals and that's how you as a funer of a STEM sisters come with this initiative. I know that your daily life change after the STEM sisters but how do you what is your observation and what is your role and what you would like to suggest our students? Yeah, I strongly believe we as individuals should really you know try to tick as many boxes of the 17 sustainable goals through our daily lives to the work that we do as researchers or whatever the role that you are in because this contribution is immensely needed by the society because we need to leave the earth in a much better standard than what we found. We should strive for it. So I think in your research expertise and everything but personally for me my research also worked on sustainability where I looked at how planned special events can reduce road congestion like how pre-planning how predictive planning can avoid road congestion. So that's something that I worked on sustainable side one there but being a technologist as I said technology has been a great enabler. So I would strongly s suggest anyone in research any research that you do there is a sustainable element that you can look at and improve. So like you know focusing on your carbon footprint and what you are like if you're looking at the more environmental side of things. I would share one thing because I'm also a passionate of like you know being a woman and someone loved fashion like fashion. So fashion is not something any sort of fashion is very un is actually adding quite a lot of carbon footprint to the world and now Australia is the number one fast fashion conceiver recently and now bypassing US and China so we really have to do quite a lot because as women I know like a lot of us love fashion that's part of it but how do we can make better choices better making and stuff not but any other sustainable goals like gender equality or you know there are any things that you can do I mean being aware what is happening around how you can really support would be a greater thing so anyone interested in particular fashion sort of sustainability then there is some initiatives from stem sisters we call it at swapsis you don't have to be someone in STEM it's for all women in STEM sorry all women whether it's a woman of color non doesn't matter it's where of using technology to swap clothing and the other aspect I would like to share about sustainable initiatives. Sometimes we try to be sustainable but we really need to measure how much we reduce carbon footprint by some of our activities and also make sure doing that activity are we adding more. So you really need to measure like sometimes like if I take this example of fashion that what we do if you are really you trying to use transportation and things like that to swapping clothes then you know that is an addition in similarly how much you reduce. So the solutions has to be really thought you know really gone through and check how the initiative like you we all are trying to do our best and we may be doing something wonderful but again you have to really measure what's the carbon footprint and things like that. So I'm just focused on one particular area but as Brita mentioned it's highly important that we as individuals do our checkboxing in all of these ways and how we can really make the world a better place. >> Thank you so much for sharing your activity and your initiative to play your role. I guess I would like to just consider I'm just concerning about the time. So is there any other you know activity that our panelists are drawing that they would like to share or any opportunity for our students to consider? I was just going to bring up so I think sometimes when we think about things that we care about or challenges that we're facing, they can feel a little bit overwhelming. And I certainly I mean I feel it like every day in my work when it comes to the climate space but I was at an interesting presentation the other day and they were talking about giving circles. , and I don't know how familiar people are with those, but essentially, , a giving circle is a group of people, often they're friends, , but they might be friends of friends or just a group of random people who have something in common. And they come together, , with kind of a collective cause that they care about , and they essentially fund raise for that cause over a long period of time. And, , there are some amazing examples of this. For example, there was a girl in the US who she was a teenager. She decided that people were giving teenagers a really hard time and that teenagers were having to deal with some pretty stressful things. And so her and three mates decided to fund raise for teen addiction. And those three mates went out and found another three mates. , and a couple of years on, they've raised $50,000 by giving just $25 each every quarter. , and there are 180 people that are now involved in that giving circle. So, if there's something that you kind of care about and want to contribute to or that you're interested in, it's a really nice way of kind of facing some of the challenges that we've got going on and giving back and also just bringing people that you care about together as well. >> Thank you, Amelia. That was an amazing example of how we can make a role. That's why I said if we have some small you know idea but once it comes together it's going to have a huge impact. So I was in Malaysia for the study tour climate change in Malaysia. I took a students as an educator because I know that this is a gap in our education system. Students studying their discipline, but they hardly have a chance to come together and work together as a team to unpack a project or a research or a challenge and that was about climate change in Malaysia and through that connections students working with the local stakeholders in Malaysia, local students we had group of students coming from business climate justice law, psychology, science, engineering, aviation. So all of the different discipline and then they just see the you know they were inspired by how this you know this kind of multidisiplinary with a passion on something that you do care it helps them to grow and it helps them to grow to connect to those people that they do something about it. So I was witness on that and it was amazing. Do we have any other question and