that's kind of our role this is maybe if I can inspire one student then everyone can do it and then imagine the board with all of these you know connections so that's kind of an strong you know I really believe in small things can be an huge impact. Any comments from panelists? Amelia? >> I just had two things. One for anyone kind of thinking about future careers, feeling stuck, whatever. If you think someone is cool or they have the job that you want, I highly encourage you to reach out to them and tell them that. , and they will almost certainly always say yes to coffee. So, , that's kind of my biggest tip, I think. , I, yeah, a lot of the kind of things that have happened in my life so far have just come through random conversations that I've had with people. So, , yeah, think someone's cool, reach out. The second one was around empowering or kind of connecting young women in STEM and kind of encouraging them to follow that pathway. I think for me I fund fundamentally believe that happens or is most effectively happens at a really young age. And so if there's any way that you can contribute to kind of young people's education, we do that in a formal capacity where I work. , but if there's any way that you can kind of go in and maybe volunteer at your school or something like that, I think that's a really nice way to connect with young people , and get them really excited about what is a really cool career. >> Thank you so much, Amelia. Just following on Amelia's comments, if you're interested and you would like to be part of this journey inspiring kids to the STEM, contact me. There are a lot of opportunity at Sunburn that I can share with you and please do not miss this opportunity before you graduate and hopefully those are the evidences that the employees can see that you are passion you already work on it and you have and of course you enjoy of what you're doing. Soya I guess I don't know if you have any question because this is the end of the panel discussion and that was just the beginning of how I'm sure that you can find our panelist in LinkedIn so they are doing fantastic works fantastic research you reach out to us if you're interested or you have a concern of course following Amelia's com comment we love to have a coffee and chat about what is your concern and we do care about you. So if you don't have any last comments from panelists, I will officially announce that this is the end of this panel discussion. And to start with, I would like to encourage you all to come with your passion or research in any field and to create 4minut video and submitted to us in October to be live showcased in front of the judges which is coming from our industry partner A and our Swimburn and chief scientists at Swimburn Virginia and some of the organization. So that is the way that you can bring an impact and think about the 17 sustainable development sustainable goals in your daily life. Thank you so much and again enjoy your the national science week. Check your family members. Go and find through the national science week website what are the activities in the city at Swimburn and hope to see you in front of the state library on Friday 16th of August at 2 p. M. 12 of amazing women in STEMs are presenting to public. Here we go. Thank you so much everyone.