# VIDEO: Stepping into Industry  (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-10-15

Welcome everyone. Hello and welcome to those of those among us who are from the Sowak campus. Exciting to have you with us today. And today we are looking at or we are experiencing the wonderful sessions stepping into industry as part of the shaping STEM futures program. So we'll begin with an acknowledgement of country. So we respectfully acknowledge Australia's first nations people for their ongoing connection to country, culture, and community. And we also respectfully acknowledge the traditional owners of the land upon which you're all variously situated today. And many of us are on water land and we acknowledge that the first nations people are our first storytellers and our first researchers and that we treat that research with the importance it deserves and aim to be reciprocal in the research that we undertake. So thank you everyone for joining me in that. And so I'm very excited to introduce Linda Mo who's going to be taking us through this session today. And of course we do have the fabulous Vita Zepharanloo with us our chief of STEM futures who will be guiding us as well. So I'll hand that over to you Linda. >> Thank you so much Caroline. Hello everyone. My name is Linda. Basically today's session we're going to go through just a bit about who I am about Evolve Scientific those who want to step into industry and what basically you're going to encounter. So, how a recruit agency works, the difference between using an agency, direct applications, the benefits of using an agency, the types of contracts you'll come across, and how to prepare and prep for interviews with, you know, different questions, behavioral questions. And then there'll be going through reference checks as well, and how important that is as well when you're applying for jobs. And then there'll be a point where those who are not from a science background, you guys can hop off at this certain point. And then I'm going to go through a bit more detail about the types of roles that we work on sort of for science graduates. So, again, thank you both for the opportunity to present to your students. This is awesome. And also gives a great guidance for G graduates wanting to industry once they finish their studies. So, I'm just going to quickly share my screen with the slides. So, share that so everyone can see that. Let me just Oh, can everyone see that? Okay. >> Yes. Perfectly. Perfect. >> Amazing. So, that's just Yeah. So, I'm Linda. I'm a senior recruitment consultant at Evolve. , so just a little background about us as a company. So, Evolve Scientific, we were originally founded in 2010. , and we have so we around about 15 years. We're also part of a much bigger company called Enphroft and we only joined them about three years ago. So what Evolve does is that we are agency that specializes within the science technical field working with sectors across pharmaceutical, food, biotechnology, chemical, cosmetics, environmental so all sorts of industries. We are based all over Australia. So here obviously here in Melbourne we're in Brisbane, Adelaide, Sydney and Perth as well. With the acquisition with NES, we did also open up in Singapore last year. So, we're starting to expand much more you know internationally, not just in Australia. So, there's going to be a lot more opportunity for us as a company, but also for you candidates as well future candidates for roles outside of Australia. But we also have access to NES's offices outside throughout Europe, America, Asia. So, pretty much everywhere. So, that's a little background about us as a company. And a little background about myself. So, I was a science student. So I did my bachelor's of science and biochemistry and biotechnology at the University of W Cuttle in New Zealand. And then I worked within the lab for about a year back home doing many chemistry testing. Then I moved over to Australia and basically was open to anything being very flexible with where I can take my skills to. So I end up within food manufacturing at Heila Spice working within quality space doing you know your QC testing. So your basic wet chemistry, pH, titrations of every batch that was made. Also doing the quality checks across the site as well. I did for about three to four years and then decided to change my career and joined Evolve Scientific. So I've been here for about three years and I've been senior for about a year now. So that's a little bit about myself. So next we'll go into how an agency works and direct application. So when you start looking for work and start applying for roles, you're going to come across agencies whether that's with us through science or if you're not part of the science area, there might there will be agencies who do other b general recruitment or within finance and whatnot. So traditionally a direct application, you're applying for jobs directly to the company and you have direct communication with the company and it'll take you know go through that process. How an agency works is that we are basically the middle person between yourselves and the company or the client. We communicate with them, we communicate with you. There's no direct communication between you guys. So we're just the middle person. They come to us and then we source the right candidates. Keep in mind with any agency, there's no cost for you guys. It's a completely free service or service. All our, you know, money comes from the clients themselves. So that's really the main difference between directly applying and going through an agency. You may think you know why would companies go through agencies? Why does there needs to be a middle person? Really you know it could be financial in terms of you know cost savings on their end. It could also be speed as well. So these are some benefits why people go through agencies or through revolve scientific. So speed like I mentioned the process can be much quicker. So for a lot of the managers, they may not have someone specifically doing you know finding candidates or looking through resumes whereas that's how jobs these managers they have other priorities in their jobs. They don't have time to be looking at resumes all day whereas that's what we do. We're able to shortlist candidates according to what they're looking for. We're able to sort of you know kind of push managers to kind of you know process the resumes a bit more like look at the resumes we'll sent through. We understand what the client's looking for. So they've told us exactly what they're looking for. You know, they could advertise for a lab technician and that could be any sort of background, you know, whereas the manager specifically told us, I want someone with this skill or I want someone that's done this instrument. Someone that's come from this background or whatnot. So we're able to understand them really well and using our science background, we're able to understand and having worked in industry, we already know what sort of role it is or what we're working on essentially. We also get to know you as candidates. So we bring you guys in for an interview, get to know you a little bit more. We're not just filling a job, we're also putting you into jobs that you're going to enjoy and stay within long term. , we work as a team as well. So, you know, I'm I've met you, I've interviewed you, my colleagues work on a role, you know, I'll pass on your details on. So, we work as a team to make sure that we're fitting what the client's looking for and what you guys' candidates looking for as well. , we're able to sell you. So, with agencies, you know, with when you're applying for roles, they're looking at resume. Whereas with us, we have that direct communication with the managers. So that we can basically kind of sell you know tell them a bit more than what's on your resume go through your personality you know bit more extroverted introverted or you know those sort of little details as well and we can prep you for the interviews as well. So we have that heads up where we know the managers their personalities you know give you a bit of tips and tricks about you know this manager is going to be more bit more casual they're going to be a bit more uptight we have that advantage too to prep you. And with agencies there are multiple opportunities we work on. So you're not just applying, you might you might apply for one role, but we're going to keep in mind for other options as well