# VIDEO: Stepping into Industry  (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-10-15

in pursuing a career in medical bio technology what software skills technical skills are generated fresh graduate look it really depends on the job itself and the systems they use at the company. I would say you know it to just really revise what you've done in your masters and just show that you have a good understanding of what you've done where that you could transfer those skills into the role that you're applying for. So more so not specific software skills or specific T schools. It's really dependent on how much you understand your degree and your masters and how you're able to convey your understanding in an interview as well. So I wouldn't say anything specific just have a good understanding of your own and then that could be transferable into the job that you're applying for. Do you use AI when screening resumes? So should we structure our resumes in a special way to find it? No. Oh, at Evolve we don't. Each as consultant is actually manually screening every resume. So we don't use AI here. So we're just you know we're actually reading your resumes in whatever format you're sending it through. Yeah. But I can't speak for any other companies or agencies. Yeah. >> Okay. I think that's all the questions at the moment. So we'll continue. Thank you Linda. >> So continuing with technical questions. So these are some examples of questions we might ask but also some things that you might need to revise. So here we will ask about you know what sort of techniques have you learned during your unit? Can you expand on them? Any sort of things you might have learned like if you're a food science student you might have learned G&P Hessip your chemistry you learn titrations HLC you might have used you know Microsoft Office or you know any sort of testing or in the lab or any sort of like assignments you've done projects you've worked on so any sort of techniques even if let's say you're not in a science-based role techniques you might have learned in your own degree I'm not sure you would have learned in your degrees but a great way for people to sort think about how you understand it is this next slide. So what is it, why you're using it, how you do it and the common issues or troubleshooting. So for example, let's say you're going to talk about titrations. And I say you know you've mentioned titrations on your resume. Can you tell me what is it? And I would expect you to tell me, you know, what is titration? What is it used for? How you perform a titration and what will be the common issues that you would need to troubleshoot with titration. So just using this format to help you explain these techniques and skills that you're listing on your resume or things that you're mentioning in your interview. So if you're going to mention on your resume, if you're going to bring it up in your interview, be able to know what you're talking about. I've had graduates, you know, list different techniques and say, "I've done this, this, this. I've done you HP on PCR. " and I say, you know, okay, well, tell me what does H PRC do U and tell me how you how you analyze samples using it and they have no idea what how to explain it. They actually can't remember. So if you're going to say anything, be able to back it up and understand what you've done because then we can understand your level saying what you're doing at your uni. Are you just doing the job or actually learning and understanding what you're doing? Another part questions we will ask about is your projects and internship. So your projects, what was the initial concepts, the aim, the experiments, the methods you used, the results, the real applications and challenges you faced. So be able to explain these really well. And also if you've done any sort of internship, so what company you worked at, what was the main project you worked on during your internship, your main duties dayto-day, any sort of industry standards or regulations you learned during your internship. So these are really important. Some people do internships and they just, you know, just do it just to have it on their resume. You need to understand what you're doing. Because if you have an internship, you need to be able to explain it and you know in the interview with us and also with the company as well. So these are just some things to think about when you're doing the technical questions and these are things you can actually prep for really well. You've got the notes, you've just graduated so they should be fresh on your mind but be able to revise as well. Another part of the before we move on there's the chat as well I think. What are the current trends in indust current trends in industry that you think new graduates should be aware of? Industry look I would say industry wise trends can be a bit slow in industry just because they're always aware of cost savings. So for example like AI and things it may not be implement as fast as it is in industry in terms of current market right now and for graduates right now I'll be honest the market is a bit quiet at the moment so I would just suggest in terms of how when you're applying for roles and things just look at all the avenues that you could look at like recruitment agencies LinkedIn direct applications maybe messaging HR so those are things at the moment But in terms of current trans industry that you know very should be aware of I'll be honest it's just sort of just being yourself knowing what you're doing being flexible because in terms of like yeah current technology and things it is implemented very slowly in industry just because of money and cost savings. So yeah hope that helps. Okay and then continuing with the presentation. So, behavioral questions, , behavioral questions are very important to prep for and do. Now, a lot of interviews might even just only be behavioral. So, these are situational type questions that you're going to counter. They want to see how you're going to deal with these situations at work. So, these are some examples of behavioral questions. So, , tell me about a time you made a mistake, example of a conflict you've had with a colleague, , a stressful experience, your strengths, your personality. These are behavioral questions, and sometimes they can be situations where you may not even be able to think of an example at that moment. , so these are things you can prick for, but also can also , kind of make you be like, oh my gosh, like I don't know what to say. But again, just listen carefully, think about your answer. , and the key thing with these behavior questions is making sure you have specific examples that involve yourself. So, we don't want to hear you say, "Oh, I've never made a mistake. " We don't want to hear you say, "Oh, when I make a mistake, I go to my supervisor. " No, we want to hear you say a specific example. It's not a bad thing that you've made a mistake. It's not a bad thing that you've had a conflict. We want to know how you've been able to deal with that situation in the workplace in a way that's you know still creating good team environment and gives us a good idea of how you're going to present when in industry as well. So and this could be you know during working in the project it could be in your part-time jobs. That's why having part-time jobs a really good you know is a good experience to have because you're able to use specific examples for these behavioral questions. , so a really great way to format your behavioral answers is using the style method. For those who haven't heard about the style method, it stands for situation, task, action, and results. , so situation, describe your working situation, task that you were assigned to do, the action that you did, and then the results. So this is a really good format to set your example from start to end and makes it clear for the interviewer as well. With technology we can use AI, we can use chat GBT to help you prep for your behavioral questions or you know prepping for an interview. But again the key words prepping and guiding you. So for example, you know, I went into chat GBT and I just wrote, "Hi, my name's Amy. I work at McDonald's. I