industry, they're really picky about these things. So, making sure you're able to present really well. , do your homework on the company, vacancy on the job, the company you're interviewing for. Even if you're coming in for an interview with us at Evolve Scientific, making sure you've done some research on who we are because then it shows that you're preparing well, you're treating this interview seriously. When you're treating like a professional interview because in our interviews that will give us gauge give us the gauge on how you're going to perform an interview with the client. Listen to the questions carefully. Avoid rushing your answer and just making sure you're answering things really well and not rushing too much. And then having questions to ask the end whether that's about work culture, about the job itself, the day activities, it just shows that you're interested in the role. So having questions to ask. So yeah in terms of that's preparations now I'll go through the technical questions. So and at evolve we do two types of questions. So we do technical questions on what you would have done your degree your units and then we also behavioral questions. So this slide is probably more focused on the science sort of things. But if you guys aren't science students these are probably applicable as well in terms of really understanding what you've done in your roles. I mean sorry in your degree. So if you're a science, you know, knowing the skills you've done, preparing acid techniques, wet chemistry, titrations, and sorry, is it >> sorry, I meant to not disturb you and let you to finish. So there is a question in the chat. >> so we just wanted to maybe answer that question before we move u forward. I don't know if you see the question or do you want me to read? >> Oh yes, I can see it. So can we add skills even if they are not directly related to job titles and job directly like I have laboratory skills but if I apply for clinical technology look you can add skills that may not be directly related to job titles and job directly. , if I would I would recommend if you're applying for a skill, like if it's a specific job, I would say edit your resume to cater towards that job. , but if let's say you're applying for jobs with us as a recruitment agency, I would make sure you have some sort of general role because it could just be applicable to other jobs that we're working on as well. But making sure that you are putting in skills that you can actually explain an interview and understand well too. So it just really depends on yeah I would say edit according to the job titles but if you're applying for like an agency I would recommend just putting all your skills to make it a bit more general so that we can see what other roles could be suited to you as well. I hope that makes sense. Linda, I have one question myself. So I can imagine all these employers and you as a recruitment coming to look at >> you know hundreds of application, CVS, cover letter. >> Yes. >> How do you differentiate between this instruction common instruction for the candidates? So is there any strategy that our candidate can of course reading the job advertisement and the role and the descriptions and if there are any criteria questions spend time to reflect on the question and use of the technique and skill and experience and a study that you have to answer to those is going to make you a kind of an customized document. That you can share. But is there other strategy? >> I'll be honest. I don't think there's much strategy on your side as a candidate. The how we actually filter is dependent on the client and exactly what they're looking for. But as recruiters, we're not just looking at people specifically for that role. We're looking at all the roles that we're working on as well. So even if let's say you've applied for the role and your you know your skills and background may not exactly fit this job that you've applied for, we might still we'll still get in contact with you in case there's other jobs as well. So it just really depends on the client needs and wants. Because they can be quite particular. But in terms of yourself as a candidate, just making sure that you yeah customizing your resume according to the role and the main duties, but also putting in the information to keep it general as well in case there's other positions that we're working on. Yeah. >> Yeah. Because I think the quality of the communication once it comes to be invited to the interview that is going to represent individuals with the knowledge and everything that's why I recommend my students and everyone of us educators across different discipline especially with the AI on board. So I guess at the end of the day once you graduate and you want to look for a job you're going to sit in front of the people and they are going to come up with you know proof of evidence if your technique your communication all your skills required for their job it's actually meet their expectations. So I think we need to train our students to and a gra to be a confident graduate with the best of their ability. I can see there are two more questions in the chat from Tien and Dylan. >> Yes. Sort of advertised jobs from mostly from SE. Yep. Position applying at part-time jobs. Yeah. But mostly a lot of people position anyway we can get into support. Well I think the best way would be to get to early notification of all the roles come through like the same time but the best way would be us registering you getting you interviewed so that you're already in our pool ready to go for a role in so getting you through this is actually a great way to get part of the pool much early is just being you yourself being part of the session and just send your resume through to me at the end of the presentation we'll have my direct email so you guys can send through your resumes directly to me. We can get that to the end. But that's one way to get in to the pool early and getting a new getting basically being told of a role that may not be advertised yet. It's just getting in our system ready to go and this would be some way as well. How long should a resume be? I would one page one page is good for a graduate. Yeah, I wouldn't expect a graduate to go more than two pages. That's perfect. Especially for graduate roles which are highly competitive at the moment. It's easier to read. I can look at it bullet points. It's quick and simple. So yeah, for a graduate one page, one to two pages is perfect. Is it recommended for both to internship the same place? Well with us we don't do internships at Evolve. We may do paid employment. So it really depends. I mean if you're a fresh graduate and you want to get like a paid, you know, paid job, I would just say, you know, apply for your first jobs. But it Yeah, I guess it's up to you. You can apply for both at the same time. It just depends on what ideally you're looking for. If you want paid employment because most internships aren't typically paid. Yeah, >> I can see there are one or two questions. So, I just wanted to offer you could u raise your question if you have access to the audio because this is a recorded session. So, we could record your question but if you don't have access to the audio you can write in the chat. So I just give some time to Linda to read the question before we sharing the answer. >> and then is it recommend to sorry as a master student in biotech who's interested in pursuing a career in medical bio technology what software skills technical skills are generated fresh graduate look it really depends on the job itself and the systems they use at the company. I would say you know it to just really revise what you've done in your masters and just show that you have a good understanding of what you've done where that you could transfer those skills into the role that you're applying for. So more so not specific software skills or specific T schools. It's really dependent on how much you understand your degree and your masters