coming through and it is highly competitive. So again, that's why prepping for your interviews is really good to stand, you know, stand out from the crowd amongst everyone else who's applying that are also graduates too. And I would always recommend for you guys to be flexible. As a graduate, you want to just be a go-getter. You want to be able to do the shifts and do the hard yards at the moment just to get that experience. So be willing to, you know, , do a basic role. You might have an idea of wanting to do, you know, this testing and this when really realistically in industry, you're going to do the really basics. And that could just be even sampling putting the samples in, putting them into different containers. Just even just basic like that, but you have to just still putting 100% to prove yourself in a role because there might be opportunities to move into a different team. There might be opportunities to, you know, have your contract extended. So, you still want to put in that 100% be punctual, attend each, you know, go into work every day. Even if it's just a really basic role because at a graduate you just want to be able to gain any experience and prove yourself as well. So this is a thing for anyone who may still be studying that we do who may still go be going to masters next year or who may be in their second year at the moment. We do a evolution program that we present to all our clients. So this is an opportunity for current students to get paid industry work. This is during like could be during your summer break, it could be just you know on call during the semester. And we work with many companies. So last year just two examples of companies we work with who to partake in this program was Coca-Cola and Agri Food. They took on a graduate within the summer break they worked full-time and then during their third year this year they've just been on course. So this is an opportunity for anyone who's still studying where clients do take on students and this is paid employment as well. You get a bit of experience even if it's maybe not your you know maybe if let's say you're doing a biomed degree and the client who's is Coca-Cola even though you know you may not be going want to go into food and after you finish and graduate at least you'll be getting some lab experience and getting a taste of industry as well if it's something that you want to pursue or you want to pursue academia and research. So this is something for current students who are still studying that can partake and it's an opportunity for you guys as well. So not just for graduates too. So how to register with evolve and be part of our you know our database register by sending through your email or your resumes to this email address. So the first email general one that goes to all the recruiters here in the Melbourne office and this is my direct email. So linda more evolvecientific. Com. Au. Happy for you guys to send through your resumes directly to me or the Melbourne inbox. , and then we can get you registered and interviewed ready to go. , and then if you are open to other states or wanting to move, , we have offices in Adelaide, Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth, and then Singapore as well if you guys are open to seeing your resumes through them. , and that's pretty much it in terms of my presentation. Yeah, >> thank you so much, Linda. I guess I have one last question for you. Among all these opportunities I think a lot of our students let's say if they're coming from close to the end before graduation during the capstone projects that they we run across different disciplines or if we have master students so they might looking for the graduate you know positions you said that there are limited positions How are we going to set our alerts, profile alerts to find these type of positions or they coming directly search for those opportunities through the for example your recruitment agency or is there any strategy to target those position? Look, >> we don't really have like alert systems with our agency. Would be the best way would be to get you registered and we would let you know or having the alert because all our jobs are advertised on seek and seek has an alert system that you can put in a search for you know science roles and then the locations like Melbourne and you can save that and that will alert you with jobs every time a new job's posted. So that would be probably the best way or us being in contact with us and us keeping in mind before we even advertise a role. Yeah. >> And for the local students this is an opportunity for them to have a global experience. Let's say you have an agency in Singapore. You said like there are position outside Australia that you could support for our students. >> All right, that's good. So I guess yeah, so I think that was a that was something new to me. So it's good to know that we can reach out to you and have that global experience. So sometimes that bring us >> back to the country and then we can come up with you know a positions back in Australia. So I guess I was a part of a workshop in sik and that was a session where I learned how different states might have fun positions. So there are some trends around the positions that if you don't have any you know position here in Melbourne can you suggest something like in the other states or somewhere that they can you know look for a job or it is just cover the jobs and position in Melbourne. >> well no yes. So if you go into seek and you're looking for jobs, you can put different states and areas. So you don't have to put Melbourne, you could be Sydney. Even on our website, there is also a filtering system for the areas of where the jobs are located as well. If let's say you come in for an interview with us as well and you tell us, you know, I'm open to opportun and Brisbane, we will actually send your resume through to the to the offices there and just say, hey, just a heads up. I've just interviewed this really great candidate. They're open to opportunities as well. They're happy to relocate within, you know, a week or two, whatnot for the job. So, we have constant communication with all the other officers, too. Yeah. >> All right. All right. So, this is just to wrap up. Okay. I can see we have Ten's raise hand. So, I'm going to stop this wrap up. Ten, do you want to share your question before we finish? >> hi, Linder. Yep. Thank you so much for your sharing and thank and kai for organizing this. Thank you so much for joining us. Are you from coming from Sydney? >> Yep. I'm just calling just from the Sydney right now. So >> yep. So Halinda. So just a bit about myself. So currently I'm doing the masters and also from I work from Swimburn. So because doing the master so I still have some time to find out more the part-time job. So I already tried to apply some part time from evil that when they advertise like on sick but because on sick they didn't show much of the information about the company about the working hours stuff. So sometime I really want to contact the company to ask more about that but I think >> all the all the information is hidden so is there any way like for example you want to see how the company look like and whether we match with the position or not. Yeah. >> Yeah. Look, I think the best way because with our ad as we don't mention company native for the confidentiality reasons just we can't disclose that. The best way if someone hasn't given you a call, I would just suggest calling the office number. And just asking a bit of they most likely won't give the company name but they will give you a bit more details on what they're manufacturing, the working hours, a bit more details. Because we don't really disclose company names until you're further shorted just based off the rules that they have unless they unless they're happy for us to share the names then we would openly share it. But