# VIDEO: Stepping into Industry  (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-10-15

working situation, task that you were assigned to do, the action that you did, and then the results. So this is a really good format to set your example from start to end and makes it clear for the interviewer as well. With technology we can use AI, we can use chat GBT to help you prep for your behavioral questions or you know prepping for an interview. But again the key words prepping and guiding you. So for example, you know, I went into chat GBT and I just wrote, "Hi, my name's Amy. I work at McDonald's. I need to answer a question on how I dealt with the conflict at work. " and this was the first thing it shot through to me. Basically sent me to Star Method immediately and gave me this breakdown. So for those who may not understand the breakdown, this is a good way to show you. So a situation at McDonald's, there was situation where two workers disagree. How to handle customer special requests. This lead to some tension and confusion during a busy ship. The task I need to step in to help resolve conflict quickly so the team could stay focused and maintain excellent customer service action. I calmly approached both co-workers and listen to their perspectives without taking sides. Suggested a compromise based on McDonald's policy while also considering the customer's need. Helped guide them through the solution ensuring people understood their role handling the request. The result their conflict was resolved quickly. Customers needs were met. The team felt more cohesive and the shift ran smoothly without further issues and make sure the followup. So this is you know it's a decent example but able explains how you know to break down the style method. Now this answer is not really the best and that's why we want you to use it to guide you not memorize and not you know take it word by word. So the reason why this answer is not really the best is that it's not really realistic of how a typical graduate naturally speaks in an interview. So you can ask CHP to help you refine the answer like you know if they it comes up with that say make it sound more natural or use complex words and use it to guide you. Don't memorize this and then come into an interview and try memorizing it. Because that's not that's not going to work and it's not going to flow naturally. Because you know graduates aren't speaking you know like this really realistically I mean I don't think many people speak like this in an interview so that's yeah so that's one reason and another reason is that this example explains how you resolve someone else's conflict the examples that you talk about need to involve you the conflict needs to involve you and how you're able to resolve it with that person so it can't be how you resolve someone else's or even if there's like a mistake you can't it's better to not say you know someone made a mistake and I and I fixed it. No, it needs to involve you. , so that's that's why the answer is not the best, but again, using chat GPT or AI is a really good tool to help guide you and prep you for your interviews. , so yeah, next step is a reference check. So let's say you've done your interviews with us, everything's gone really well, you've done your interview with the company, everything's gone really well. They want to progress next stages and then they will want to do reference checks. Every company will do reference checks and this is very important to think about whether you're in your final year uni, your second year, first year. , this will make or break an offer. I've been in situations where someone was offered the role pending reference checks and they had a bad referee or bad reference and the offer was revoked. So, these are things to reflect on at the moment in your current part-time roles and your extracurricular activities. , you're referencive right now. What are they going to say about you? So examples of references you need to have is a direct manager, direct supervisor, a trainer or senior person. So these are types of referees that we're looking for. If you can't provide a manager or someone that can you know talk about your performance, it will come across as a red flag because you know everyone has a manager, everyone has supervisor, why can't they comment on how you work? It would just seem a little bit dodgy. , obviously if it's in a role that you at the moment that you don't want to let them know you're leaving, that's that's understandable. It can be a coworker. , but if it's a job you've already left and you can't come up with someone that's at a more senior level than you, then that can be bit of a rigback. So these are some questions we ask in our references. So we might answer the reason why you're leaving or you left the role. , if you've already left it your position and main duties, it aligns with what you've told us. How your attendance was, your punctuality, your work ethic, the quality of work that you performed, ESL deadlines, targets you had to meet in your job and if you met them, how quickly you learn new information and techniques, how you handle high pressure and stress in the workplace, what motivates you as a person, the level of required, your communication skills working in a team, your key strengths, what can be developed on as well, your skills, if you follow safety rules on site, and if they would hire you again. So these are what's going to be asked in references and yeah just have a think about right now with your current references at the moment what would they answer to these questions? Are they going to be good answers? Are they going to be bad? Is it something that you're, you know, going to be fine with having them as a reference? And a key thing is to make sure you're always having permission from your referees that you put them down as a reference. Because sometimes we have called referees and they're like I didn't give permission to be put down as a referee for this person. I don't want to comment on their work performance. So we've had many situations where that's happened. So make sure you get permission and make sure as a referee that's going to you know say good things and just think about in every job you work at you want to leave on good terms and you want to perform well because these are going to be important with an offer. Again I clients and managers have revoked offers based on referees even if you were the perfect candidate for the job but then day I understand that's a very unnatural situation being an interview but being yourself is the best thing so making sure that you're still prep technically prep behaviorally but still being yourself you know come in with a smile show your personality they want to see authenticity they don't want to see someone coming in with a script trying to be the perfect candidate. Because at the end of the day, you know, a client might even just pick you based on your personality and how you came across. I've had situations where I've put, you know, couple candidates for a job, two people had the perfect experience, exactly the look, what they're looking for, and I put someone in who had transferable experience, but came across just really beautiful in terms of their who their personality was, and they end up picking that candidate. So at the end day be yourself because that's what's going to sell you and you know your person could be well put for that team better. So don't be memorizing things still prepare but yeah be yourself. So that's pretty much it. Well I've got a bit more but at this point if you're not a science student happy for you guys to pop off at the moment but the rest of the slides will be bit more catered towards science. So yeah I'll just continue on this but you want to say something? , Linda before we continue I just wanted to also share my experience sitting with the industry partners who are offering the internship position to our computing science students. So I just want to share their actually voice. So according to this industry supervisors who are offering the internship which could provide a potential part-time full-time job to the students student I believe like we need to bring that you know mindset to the career