# VIDEO: Stepping into Industry  (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-10-15

the rest of the slides will be bit more catered towards science. So yeah I'll just continue on this but you want to say something? , Linda before we continue I just wanted to also share my experience sitting with the industry partners who are offering the internship position to our computing science students. So I just want to share their actually voice. So according to this industry supervisors who are offering the internship which could provide a potential part-time full-time job to the students student I believe like we need to bring that you know mindset to the career where we are start searching for the career for example for the role that you are going to apply you need to search for the company, you need to read from their website, you need to prepare, you need to do a bit of a study and be you know just being aware of their values, their vision, do you know? So these are some key tasks that you need to do before you start you know for example drafting your cover letter or applying for the role. So according to the industry supervisors like at the end of the day let's say for the internship there are few students are going to potentially being invited to stay there and there are not the one just necessarily coming with a high achieved score. Of course there are the good you know students meet the eligibility to start the internship but what they want is the candidate is going to be pleased to work with. >> So the one that it can be a best fit to their team. So the one that is coming with a positive attitude and bring that willing to learn and shine at work providing a good environment to other team member and I still be able to tackle with the daily weekly tasks. So I guess that's why as an educator here in a university we keep offering our students that your okay your priority is your unit your assignment the exam but beyond that there are a lot of opportunities for you to contribute. There are a lot of opportunity for you to select a mentor >> to discuss and to practice. Nothing is going to magically happen. >> So if you struggle with your communication, if you think that your team work or if you think that the group assignment didn't work. So of course what Linda offer here is coming to the nature of your daily, weekly, monthly task during your study. So here in this slide she offer be yourself. It means you have plenty of example during your study, during your volunteer job at university, during your part-time job, during you know a group assignment. And so you should have a lot of example to come with the STAR methods and then share to the and then the industry can recognize you were actually a very active students beyond your study contributes attend in networking events and a lot of opportunities offer. So I know that is challenging. We are all overwhelmed with the many of the tasks but that is the reality of our life. Now it's more competitive to five years ago to 10 years ago and that's why you are going to come up with something that it can help them to choose you among all the candidates they have. Thank you Linda. >> No thank you so much. Yes. No exactly that's perfectly put. So yeah, no, you got to it's just beyond your beyond your studies. You got to put in effort to develop your own skills. If you can identify any sort of weaknesses about yourself, that's where you know got to put yourself outside your comfort zone. Take part in your communication skills. Do those extra activities and you'll have plenty of examples to present in an interview. I think someone for resume wise should we list our work experience as star method or should we just list what we have done for a role? Just list what you've done in your role. So in your resume just put a bullet point of your main duties and your responsibilities. The star method will come into play when you're in your interview and prepping for your interviews. Okay cool. Okay so next slide. So just a bit about you know evolve specifically. So I guess in terms of you know partnering with us or as a science graduate. So with evolve every consultant has a very similar background to myself. So we're all degree qualified or already worked in industry and often we've done the roles we're actually recruiting for. So we know what's going to be like in the industry. We know what it's going to be like in the roles. We know exactly how it's felt like being a science graduate and find struggling to find a role and being your first interviews. , so we're able to use our personal experience, our technical knowledge to provide, you know, really good service for not just you guys, but also our clients as well. We know exactly what they're looking for, the type of students looking for, graduates looking for and exact skills. So, when you're talking about specific skills you've done in your degree, we know what you're talking about. , so make sure you have a good understanding and we work on all sorts of roles. So not just entry- level roles for graduates, also senior roles, executive positions. So you know, you might have already, you know, done you maybe got the first job and you've worked and then you want to find the next opportunity. We can help with that as well. And we've actually some of our candidates we work with, we've actually placed them in every role they've been in and they've become managers. So we work across all sorts of yeah, all sorts of roles. So again, just ringing, you know, we've all come from a similar background. So I've got you know the biochem degree worked in lab worked in food and manufacturing my colleagues have worked in pharmaceuticals they've worked in food as well my own our own director she's a PhD in chemistry so everyone from you know us as recruiters but also upper management come from science backgrounds so we have a good understanding of yourselves and also our clients and again just going through the benefits why that's important is that we understand you our candidates and our clients so you know we always with you guys we always want going to put you into a job that you're going to develop in that's actually catered to your preferences. We're not going to put you into a job that's just, you know, just to fill a job on our end. We're going to make sure that we're putting you into a role that's actually going to add value to your career, your goals. , something you're going to stay in long term and actually gain some good experience that's, you know, that's fulfilling for yourself. , and these are some examples of roles that we work on for graduates. So, these are some examples of companies that we do work with at the moment. So psychotech they're a radio pharmace company echo pharmaceuticals you know they do the QV lotions creams riotinto so mining industry cel of course big pharmaceutical company based you know broad meadows tarine fisa with them Coca-Cola as Ross Laboratories which is cosmetics n like NMI national measurement institute they're a government company so these are some examples of companies that we work with across all sectors and these are all just based in Melbourne. But obviously we work with a lot more companies based in other states too. And we typical graduate roles is like lab technicians, lab assistants, QA officers, QC analysts, microbiologists, sampling analysts, chemists. So all sorts of roles within the industry. Like I mentioned earlier, look, I'll be honest at the moment the market is a bit quiet right now for graduates, but a lot of roles we know are coming through. Companies are getting projects getting approved. Something is coming through the pipeline. So rest assured, I know this year has been a bit tough for graduates, but we've got roles coming through and it is highly competitive. So again, that's why prepping for your interviews is really good to stand, you know, stand out from the crowd amongst everyone else who's applying that are also graduates too. And I would always recommend for you guys to be flexible. As a graduate, you want to just be a go-getter. You want to be able to do the shifts and do the hard yards at the moment just to get that experience. So be willing to, you know, , do a basic role. You might have an idea of wanting to do,