company native for the confidentiality reasons just we can't disclose that. The best way if someone hasn't given you a call, I would just suggest calling the office number. And just asking a bit of they most likely won't give the company name but they will give you a bit more details on what they're manufacturing, the working hours, a bit more details. Because we don't really disclose company names until you're further shorted just based off the rules that they have unless they unless they're happy for us to share the names then we would openly share it. But yeah the best way we just to try call the office directly just to get a bit more information if you're wanting a bit more of a faster process. Yeah. >> Yep. That would be great. Thank you. Yeah. And as I mentioned like sometime when I open the six the position is already applied by 200 or 100 people. So yeah, I know it's it's kind of really overwhelming. You can just lay for that. So yeah. >> Yeah. No. Yeah, I understand. It's very competitive at the moment, but we will go through application. >> Yeah. >> Yep. Yep. Sure. Yep. And by the way, like because you just show your email at the end for the contact. So if because I apply from this the Sydney brand, so if I just send through that, you just transfer to the Sydney brand. >> Yeah, I can definitely do that. So yeah, if you want to send it through to me, I'll set you up in the system and then pass it on to Sydney team. >> Yep. >> Yep. Awesome. Yep. Thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you. >> All right. I just want to come up to this end. Thank you so much, , Linda Caroline. , I think what we could offer here just stay connected, stay informed, and stay engaged. So, and I know that sometimes you think that you're overwhelmed with this many attacks, but at the end if you come and believe me, we did the same thing. That's why I'm sitting here today in my office and I enjoy my job offering this service and this information to you. So work hard and at the same time enjoy and wish you all the best if you have any question. We have a lot of competitions events networking please reach out so we can offer you and that could provide an evidence of what you've done during your study. And with this we come to the end. Thank you so much. >> Thank you everyone.