details as well and we can prep you for the interviews as well. So we have that heads up where we know the managers their personalities you know give you a bit of tips and tricks about you know this manager is going to be more bit more casual they're going to be a bit more uptight we have that advantage too to prep you. And with agencies there are multiple opportunities we work on. So you're not just applying, you might you might apply for one role, but we're going to keep in mind for other options as well that we're working on that you might not have noticed or thought of as well. And then we have continuous contact with all our clients and with future candidates as well. Six pretty much the benefits of why people might use agencies or you know how we work at evolve as well. So these are the types of contracts as you apply for jobs you're going to come across you know casual contracts, permanent contracts and you're going to be like I don't know what's different. So, , permanent contracts, we basically it's a contract directly with the company. So, if you're working, you know, if it's the recruitment process through the agency, , and you have a permanent contract, you then become a full-time employee with that company. , permanent contracts can be full-time, which is, you know, 38 hours a week. It can be part-time, which is anything less than 38 hours a week. , with any permanent contract, you're always going to get your benefits like your annual leave, your sick leave, and any other benefits that comes with working with the company. And majority of per actually all permanent contracts will always have some sort of probation period. So for those who don't know what a probation period is essentially when you start a job it could be three months, it could be six months and basically this is the time where you need to prove yourself. You need to show that you're a fit for the role. You know working well with a team because within that pro probation period at any point if you're not working out they can say hey look this is not working out like going to finish up in this role. So that's why asking your probation per is very important and most companies have a six month probation period. So yeah that's permanent. Now with a casual contract will be a bit different. So with casual contracts that is a contract working through typically if it's through an agency it will be working with us. So technically legally we are your employer not the company. So that's how that will work with a casual contract with us. Most of our contract roles are full-time work. Could be part-time, could be on call. But with casual understanding, you're not getting your annual leave, you're not getting sick leave, so you're not getting those benefits. However, you do get a 25% casual loading on top of your base pay rate in L any. So essentially, you're only getting paid for what you work. And if you take a day off, you know, you're not going to get paid because you've got that 25% casual loading on top. With a casual contract, again, it's you're not getting some benefits. So, one of those things that you have to always be aware of with casual contracts is that notice is not required either from you or the employer. So, let's say technically if you find another job really you don't have to give notice, you can give 24-hour notice. As courtesy, we always encourage people to give at least a week or a couple days. With the employer side of things, they can actually let you go at any point within your contract for any reason, whether that's performance, low, you know, workload, financial reasons, they can say, "Hey, look, unfortunately today's stage last day. We can't keep one. " So that's the risk with any sort of casual contract, but also understanding, you know, most of our roles are full-time. We al also give a good understanding if it's 6 months, 12 months, 3 months or whatnot. But just understand there's always that risk with a casual contract. And that's just how it essentially. So these are the types of contracts you'll come across once you're applying for roles. Just so you guys can understand you know what all the terms mean. So in terms of preparing for interviews. So of course you'll need a resume. So this is just a really basic format on how to do your resume. So making sure you have contact details. You need the person to be able to contact you. So, mobile number, , your email address, , you can also put your sub suburb in because, you know, if you're applying for jobs in the southeast and you live in the west, it could be, you know, a matter of like, are you happy to travel out that far, you know, realistically. , so those things are important. A bit of a summary about who you are, what you're looking for, your qualifications. So, as a graduate, I always recommend to make sure you have your qualifications at the start of your resume. So it can, you know, it's kind of in your in our faces that you've just finished your degree, you're a graduate looking for a role with an industry. Then putting on your work experience that can be any sort of work experience. Some graduates mistakenly may not put their job at like Mackers or Woollies because they think it's not professional. No, we want to see everything that you've done. Those are all important. And actually a lot of employers really like it when people have part-time jobs, casual work because it shows they're able to manage multiple tasks while studying. They've gained different you know work experience and skills working within you know hospitality or whatnot. So making sure that you put in any sort of work experience it does even if it's not related to you know your degree or your career. Skill summary. So just a summary about your skills maybe lab skills you might have learned or certain like skills like Microsoft Office or whatnot within your degree and then other things like your hobbies interests any sort of publications you might have been involved in and then references you can always just put available on request and normally would only contact references when you're being progressed through a job. These are some interview tips which seem quite obvious but actually a lot of graduates sometimes don't just don't know. So making sure you plan ahead. How you going to get there? Is there any parking? Are you going to take public transport? Have a look on Google Maps. Making sure that you've got enough time to get there early. So I always recommend getting to your interviews at least 10 to 15 minutes early. If you're running late, always, you know, apologize, always let them know, send a quick message. , as a recruiter, I'm interviewing people all the time. You'll be surprised by how many people just rock up to an interview 15 minutes late and don't even like say anything to us. , don't Yeah, don't give us a heads up. Don't apologize when they get here. So, these are things just so just remember being polite and courteous. So, smile, maintain eye contact, turning off your mobile phone. Again, in interviews I've had many people had their mobile phones on the table and it's turned on. Notifications are popping up and they you know they're answering question but then they're looking at their phone and it just yeah it's a bit yeah some things are a bit common sense but you'll be surprised how many people do that and it is distracting presenting well for your interview so dressing professionally I always say to be to dress you know the best you can so making sure you're wearing long pants nice shoes you know put on some perfume like again just these are all important things and you know we can be a bit lenient but lots of managers out there in industry, they're really picky about these things. So, making sure you're able to present really well. , do your homework on the company, vacancy on the job, the company you're interviewing for. Even if you're coming in for an interview with us at Evolve Scientific, making sure you've done some research on who we are because then it shows that you're preparing well, you're treating this interview seriously. When you're treating like a professional interview because in our interviews that will give us gauge give us the gauge on how you're going to perform an interview with the client. Listen