# VIDEO: Workshop 2 : Pitch Presentation (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

want to work with you? Remember, most of the time you're pitching to someone completely new who has no idea what you're trying to achieve. And it's easy to fall into a trap as a startup founder to assume that people are on the same path as you or that they understand your vision, especially when you're thinking about it all day every day. It's very easy to fall into that trap. So that's a high level overview of what is a pitch. Slide three. Great. And I'm going to need some clicking through this. So I'll tell you when beta. So all of the companies that we know and love today started somewhere. And some of those big brands would have used similar techniques to the ones that I'm going to cover today. So I thought we'd start with a bit of an activity. I've got three different companies and what I've shown here is the first sort of three or four slides that are part of their initial pitch presentation. And what we're going to do is we're going to see if we can pick what those companies are. See if we can identify those companies. So, we'll start with this one. The problem is that price is an important concern for customers booking travel online. Hotels leave you disconnected from the city and its culture. There. There's no easy way currently to book a home with a local or become a host. The solution is a web platform where users can rent out their space to host travelers. Okay, we might have to just leave this activity. But what I'll do is I'll share the pack with you after the session and if you have time go in and check it out. It's quite an interesting insight into how these companies initially started with an idea. They defined the problem. They didn't even mention what the solution was until a little bit further down in the pack. And then it meant that the investors and the audience are really getting the story. They're really understanding what is the problem. Well, at the moment there's no easy way to book a home with a local or become a host. That shows that there is an opportunity there. That is not yet tapped into. You can probably guess feel free to put it in the chat if you've already guessed what this one is. The next slides really give it away, but I'll let you see if anyone can get this one from just the first slide. Great. So who am I? Well, as Peter mentioned, I work at IH, which is Australia, New Zealand's largest general insurer, and I am in the technology side of the business. So essentially we're looking at all the platforms that underpin the insurance businesses. So any claims portals or anything that stores documents for our customers and all of that good stuff. So very much in the tech space. I'm a massive women in technology advocate and very excited to be aligning with Swimburn going forward. But I'm also a mobile coffee van owner. So about four years ago, I decided I'd like to start exploring what it would be like to run my own business. And I thought that a good way to do that, a sort of easier barrier to entry for starting a business would be a mobile coffee van. So I bought a vintage caravan, I converted it, and I ran that for about four years. And during that time, I recognized that there was a problem in the industry, which we'll go into a bit later, which caused me to found Coffee Van Collective. And that's the pitch that I'll be taking you through today. So, I've done two pitch competitions this year. I've won one of them and I've been runner up in the other one with this pitch. So, I really hope that the content in here will help you in your forming your pitches for the competition. So format and structure. Now I just wanted to provide with a good set of topics that are going to be necessary when doing a pitch. If you are doing a video pitch, you can still use this same format and structure. It is useful to have a set of PowerPoint slides as a visual to aid you. Obviously, as we've learned today, test your PowerPoint slides. , I've had to log in with a different browser, which is why it's probably caused some issues. , so having the PowerPoint slide is fantastic. And I do think that if it's a video, you can actually record your PowerPoint in the presentation itself and then submit that. That's probably what I would do. But this here is a structured way of telling your story to the judges. So, we'll start with a title slide. , and we'll go into just some details on what each of these slides should look like. Start with the title slide. We'll then go into the vision. We'll very clearly define the problem statement. And then we go into the target market. So, who are we actually solving this problem for? And then, and only then, do we start talking about our idea and what we've what we've actually come up with to combat that problem. It's quite common for people to jump in and want to tell their idea or their solution straight away, but I cannot tell you how important it is to set that context and really engage your audience before jumping into the solution. Some of the other things then we could include is the competition. So, how do you sit within the competition that's out there? And another thing that the investors or judges will want to know is your business model. So how do you plan to actually make money from this idea? Or if it's a charitable enterprise for example, how are you going to keep it sustainable? Number eight is track. So it's actually a good idea to showcase what traction you have had. Normally this means, you know, have you had anyone sign up to your app? But if you're in the initial idea stage, it might be something more like how many people have you know clicked on an ad that you've done on Facebook for example. Number nine is the team. So it's always important to showcase who you are and why your skills are going to bring this idea to life. And then finally, we've got the ask. So, it's always important to be very clear about what you're asking for, and we'll go into that at the end. , I mean, for all of you, it's probably $400 and a certificate and getting that win, but there's also other things you might ask for like networking or some advisory, for example. So, we're going to look at the title side first. And what I've done is, as I mentioned, I've used an a pitch that I did this year. I've taken the slides and I've put them into this pack as an example of what you could do. Now, I don't claim that this is absolutely 100% perfect, but I like to think that I gave it a good crack. , and actually the link that you clicked on beta earlier is a set of some example pictures that you could also go to get some ideas. So, title slide. Now, this should be very simple. It should introduce your company or your idea. It should have your name on it because you want the judges to make sure that from the get-go they actually can reference your concept with who you are. And you want some sort of imagery, whether that's a logo or whether it's just an engaging image. You might not have a logo yet for your company or idea, but that's okay. Just make sure that on this slide it's engaging. It's well formatted and you've got sort of a theme or a color scheme to it as well which you should then continue throughout the rest of the presentation. So the vision now this is really just a 10 seconds oneliner to engage your audience. You want to give a quick overview of the business for context setting and actually setting out what it is that you are trying to achieve without going into details on the solution. So this is what I put in mind. Coffee van collective is a software solution to simplify the operations of the mobile vending community and to facilitate bookings with event organizers. So while it doesn't actually lay out exactly that it's a web application where you can go and you can search and you can do these things, it speaks to what the platform or the application is trying to achieve. It's trying to simplify the way that the mobile vending community is managing their dayto-day. And