# VIDEO: Workshop 2 : Pitch Presentation (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

All right. Hello everyone. Welcome. I'd like to start off by thanking everyone so much for being here. We all really appreciate the time that you're taking out of your day to come and listen to all of us chat. So yeah, we really hope that you enjoy this session. We're here at the Design for Change 2023 pitch presentation workshop. So we're really excited to jump into it. My name is Julia. I'm one of Swimburn's Adobe digital coaches. We also have the wonderful bea here who is running the design for change competition. And we have the amazing Emily who is a entrepreneur and business owner and she's going to be talking to you today about the pitch presentations. Before we jump into the rest of the program I'd like to make an acknowledgement of country. We respectfully acknowledge the Waranderie people of the Cooland nation who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's eastern and outer east and we'd like to pay our respect to their elders past, present and emerging. We'd also like to acknowledge and pay respect to the traditional owners of lands all across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. And we acknowledge that sovereignty was never seated. Okay. So today, as we've said, we are here at the pitch presentation workshop. So first of all, BEA is going to run through some of the key dates that you need to know about. So make sure that you've got your notepads ready to take any notes of any important dates. And then Emily will chat about the pitch presentations. And then finally, we will finish up this session with a Q&A. So before we get started, if you've got any questions, either pop those in the chat or keep them in mind for the Q&A at the end. I'll ask if everyone can please keep their cameras and microphones off during the presentation just because it can get a bit noisy otherwise. And we really hope that you enjoy the session. So with that, I'll hand over to BEA to get started. >> Thank you so much. Julia, I guess I want to keep this very short because we keep repeating this design for change as our annual competition to enhance students communication skills. And of course we want to acknowledge those students coming with a you know a innovative idea to unpack the challenges. So this is aligned with our vision to make a the world a better place to live. So we have our fantastic industry partner working on this project. The and Emily is part of the insurance Australia group. So they have a vision of making the world a safer place to live. So if you have an innovative idea, if you have a mobile application or a website or any digital prototype as your design you know as your you know that the prototype design and you would like to offer that to this competition design for change 2023 which is going to be hosted by the women's in STEM club and us a group of academic at Swimburn you're welcome to join us if this is your first workshop you're attending or you're watching this recording so for just go directly to the point that what is the product that we are aiming to receive. So you are going to of course design your digital prototype and you're going to pitch it and that's why today you're going to learn some of the principle of how you actually communicate your idea or your design how you pitch it as an entrepreneur. So that video of like that is going to be recorded in a 4m minute video. I leave that to Emily so she's going to discuss about that. But this is the 4minute video is the entry to the design for change competition. Of course for similar to any competition we have a judging panel. We have a judging criteria. This is going to be shared as an additional sources as always along with this recording. And then this is going to be the way that your 4m minute video is going to be showcased. So we had we already covered the Adobe XD. We already discussed about the we had the Adobe rush and today we have a startup pitch presentation. So if you're interested to participate as a competitors or even as an audience maybe this is something that you want you want to plan for next year. So I guess you just if you want to attend as a competitors please send us your idea the outline of your idea it could be about 300 words maximum and to myself. So my email address is there and your 4minut video needs to be submitted to me by 29th of May. So if this is your assessment just go beyond your assessment your unit and submit your form video. The selected videos are going to be showcased on 1st of June and what is going to be achieved. The winner is going for 4 minute video is going to receive 400 box and the certificates of participation is going to be handed and this is going to be a credit for you as an emerging leaders program. If you don't know about that please contact me I'll explain and the story of your success is going to be published. People around the campus, the community are going to be hear about your creative design. And I think that bring us to the end of this my presentation and please contact me for any details that you need. Now I would like to pass to Emily to cover the pitch presentation which is the aim of this workshop. Thank you so much Emily. I let you to introduce yourself. Thanks. Thanks, Peter. Firstly, I'll start by saying it's incredible to see how many people here are interested in learning about entrepreneurship and how to pitch an idea because it's not something that comes naturally to a lot of people. It is something that takes a bit of practice and as I'll show you today, there is quite a good tried and tested method that has been used in the past that hopefully you can use in your presentations for the competition. And 400 bucks. That's amazing. I don't think I've been in a cash competition before. So, that's great. I will share my screen. We'll just start with this title slide. So, today I'll be talking to you all about how to pitch your startup idea and there are a few different things involved with that, but I'll be leveraging some of my own experiences and taking you through some of the pitch packs that I have used in the past. Great. Okay. So, let's start with the basics. What is a pitch? Well, it's a way to communicate and convince others that your idea is worth backing. , usually this is when startups are looking for investment to provide much neededed seed funding, but it can also be used when trying to convince industry experts or partners to jump on board with your idea. Or in your case, it might be to showcase to a panel of judges that your idea has potential as part of a competition. So what I've put on this slide is what it should be and what it should not be. What it should be is short and concise and it delivers a story. It really should define the problem. Which we'll go into in a little bit in this presentation. It should be engaging and it should spark interest so people actually want to know more. What it should not be is an opportunity for you to share every concept or feature that you can think of. It shouldn't be boring or contenheavy and it certainly shouldn't be confusing. So, as I mentioned, this shouldn't be a full demonstration of the product or services. , you don't even need to have all the answers in your pack, but you do need to be able to communicate your why and your approach and your next steps. It's also a way to show investors and partners who you are. Why should they trust what you're telling them and why should they want to work with you? Remember, most of the time you're pitching to someone completely new who has no idea what you're trying to achieve. And it's easy to fall into a trap as a startup founder to assume that people are on the same path as you or that they understand your vision, especially when you're thinking about it all day every day. It's very easy to fall into that trap. So that's a high level overview of what is a pitch. Slide three. Great. And I'm going to need some clicking through this. So I'll tell you when