# VIDEO: Workshop 2 : Pitch Presentation (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

is the unique value propositions that Coffee Van Collective provides against all the other products in the market. So that's important as well. Think about how your app or your idea is unique to other items that are out there or other products that are out there. Right? The business model. Now this can be challenging. It's it's probably the hardest part of a pitch because once you have your idea, it's very easy to explain what you want to do. It's quite hard to explain how you're going to do it and how you're going to make money from it. So, this should business model slide should talk to how are you driving revenue? , do you have a membership structure? Do you have a commission that you're taking from your customers? What do you charge? And you know what are your estimated expenses throughout the year? You know, if you if you only charge a dollar a month for your product, but it's costing you a $150 to make that or to run that product, then you'll be losing money. That's a simple example, but you do need to make sure that you put that information in as high level as you need it to be. Doesn't need to be down to the nth degree, but it's good for investors and judges to see that you've thought about how you plan to keep this running across 5 to 10 years. Let's bear in mind that you're all building an app which most startups take 3 to 5 years to even get any revenue or any traction. So, you probably don't want to be putting into your slide that you're going to be making thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars in the first year. , but maybe you are. Maybe your idea is so fantastic that you'll be selling it straight off the blocks. This is how I showed the business model. I talk about the fact that in the initial stages of the business, I'm just using a very simple no code platform to validate the idea and to get some first users. So that means it's very cheap for me to run the business in the first couple years. And it means that I should turn a profit in around two and a half years time. And then later down the track by year four we will start looking at additional revenue streams. So that's quite important to put on the slide. What's your future plan? You know don't just think about the next year. Think about the opportunities in the future. Are there any other markets you could go into? Other customer segments you could target? Potentially you might want to go abroad and start trading in America or in the UK. Those are things that you can put on this business model slide. And at the bottom there I've just done a highle timeline on what we plan to do. So we're going to you know get some branding. Then we're going to build a low code platform, design a bit of a plan and you know seek investment and then scale traction. As I mentioned, a lot of you might not have traction at the beginning. , but it's something that we want to at least show that we've thought about. So, if you've got some revenue in your back pocket, if anyone has started paying for your app, put it on this slide. , if you've got some media coverage, maybe you've had people that have filled out a survey for you that have promised that they would love to use the app when it's when it's available. Bear in mind that people love to tell you that they'll use your app. And also bear in mind that your family and friends do not count. You if your mom tells you that your idea is amazing, you cannot use that as gospel that it's going to be a successful product. , but try and do some legitimate validation of your idea and put some of that traction in this view. And I'll give you some tips on the next slide. So this was the traction slide that I pulled together. I put some stats in here around the people that I interviewed. , good little tip for you. , you didn't hear it from me, but if you only interview a small group of people, use a percentage. So, 96% of interviewees said that they would use this product, it has a lot more weight than saying nine out of 10 people said they would use this product. 96%. That's huge. Nine people. Nah. So, make sure you've thought about that. And the other tip I would give you is utilize Google searches. So, this is actually a free tool Google Analytics. If you've never used it before, it's very simple. You can actually go in and you can find out it's it's very small on the screen, but you can see the graph there in the top right hand corner. It's showing me when someone has actually searched coffee van for hire. That's how many times someone has searched coffee van for hire in the last few months. This is showing me that there are people out there who really want to hire a coffee van on a regular basis. And this gives me that it's almost a promise of traction. , it's telling me and it's telling my audience that there could be some traction in this space. I haven't got anyone who's actually physically signed up yet, but there's some potential customers down the line from this evidence. Obviously, if you do have traction, that's amazing. , but it's not always needed. , the other thing you can put on this slide if you have it is what major goals have you achieved? So for all of you that might be something like we've formed a team, we've formed a very strong team of people with a unique skill set. We've done some in-depth research. It's basically trying to explain to the judges what you've done that's going to give you the edge. Okay, next slide. There's only a few more, so it won't take too long. The team. So why would we want to work with you and what gives you the ability to make this a success? In my case, it was a deep understanding of the industry and of the problem and the target market. But in other people's cases, it might be something like you have very strong developer skills and your ability to create an app that's going to help people is something that is very important to you. So you know, you might just want to leverage think internally. Think about what values you have and use those use those strengths that you have to highlight to the judges why you're the best person to solve this problem. You'll see here and there was an image there of myself. So just try and put an image of yourself on there as well. But the formatting's gone a bit funny. I've put there, you know, I've got over seven years experience in corporate strategy and governance, which shows that I've got some industry experience in things like management and corporate, the corporate side of things. , but I'm also a coffee van owner, so I also understand the customer's point of view as well. And I've highlighted here that I don't yet have a team. So my whole point of doing this pitch was actually not to get investment. I'm not at the point where I want investment. I'm at the point where I want smart product designers, developers, people who love the coffee van industry to join me on this journey. Next slide, please. , and then the ask. So, if you don't have time, you don't have to include this, but it's always useful to be very clear about what you're asking for. It's sort of a call to action to anyone in the audience. Doesn't have to just be the judges, but anyone to help you with something that you might need. So, I have seen people in the past do pictures where they've said, "I don't need any funding. I don't need any people to join my team. I just need you to share my business on LinkedIn. Here's a here's a link to it. Could everyone get out their phone and share my business on LinkedIn? " And that's fantastic. They're leveraging the audience. They're leveraging the opportunity to capture those people that are watching and use them in a in a nice way. Obviously no one's obliged to do anything, but it's always good to be clear around what you're asking for. So on the next slide you'll see I've just said connect with me on LinkedIn, share coffee van connect collective to your network and anyone who