that you are trying to achieve without going into details on the solution. So this is what I put in mind. Coffee van collective is a software solution to simplify the operations of the mobile vending community and to facilitate bookings with event organizers. So while it doesn't actually lay out exactly that it's a web application where you can go and you can search and you can do these things, it speaks to what the platform or the application is trying to achieve. It's trying to simplify the way that the mobile vending community is managing their dayto-day. And so this is just an example. I actually used an image there of one of my one of my networks. So Kathy who owns a vintage coffee van in Dandongs actually. So if you're ever out in the Dandongs, go and see Kathy. She's great. And you know through coffee vanive we aim to support people like Kathy. So this really you know draws in the judges or the audience because they can see real people and real life examples. So I actually then jumped into and this isn't on the topics list but I always think it's important in a pitch to just give a brief overview at the start of who you are. So at the end of the pitch we'll go into who the team is, why we have the right skills, but I always think right at the start it's useful just to give a bit of context on you know hi I'm beta I've create I have decided to join this competition because of XY Z and it really then sets with the judges a little bit of trust with you as well. So for me I wanted to showcase to the judges the history that I have in this industry. So, I've put here that in 2018, I started a mobile coffee business and I actually grew my network with over 5,000 other vendors across Australia. And since then, I've done things like monthly webinars. I'm starting a podcast. So, that kind of shows to them that I'm someone that has a bit of legitimacy in this concept or in this field. So, then we can go into the problem. And the problem really should describe why your target customers or users are frustrated with the current solutions. Why do you care? Do not include your solution here. Try and be succinct and avoid buzzwords. For example, this is going to be a gamecher in the industry or this is the Airbnb of hotel bookings. You know, we need to make sure that it's authentic. And also that the problem can have some of sway with the audience. This can be really hard because you might have created an app or an idea that actually has no relevance to the judges or the audience that you're pitching to. So let's say for example you've created an app to help people with multiple scerosis. There may be people in the audience who have had some experience with that themselves or they may have never experienced that. So it's a little bit harder for them to relate. So in the problem statement it is really useful to back it up with facts which means you will have to do some research into what the problem really is. And I'm sure when you've all been thinking about your design for change ideas, you've been doing a little bit of research or hopefully a lot of research into what is currently out there, what's currently not out there, and what problems exist out in the world that you are hoping to solve for. Great to get some stats of things like the Bureau of Statistics and try and put some legitimacy around it with some numbers. I should have mentioned if anyone has any questions as we go through, please do put them in the chat and I'll answer them as we go through. Okay, so this is an example of the slide that I did. So the problem statement that I was trying to relay is that the increased costs and complexities of running a mobile trading business cause stress, frustration and financial troubles to emerging and existing vendors. And the main culprit of that was finding a trading site and managing your bookings. And I've put here that the current options are slow, ineffective, and clunky. , and on this slide, I've really tried to highlight that it's it's a genuine problem for people doing their dayto-day. This problem statement is backed up by a lot of validation work. So, I'm not too sure how into the process you all are, but when you're pulling together your pitch, you'll need to ensure that you're doing some validation on your idea. What we did in this scenario is we actually went out and I interviewed all of a lot of people in the coffee van community to get their understanding of what things really bug them during their dayto-day. , I wanted to validate the problem actually existed. And this is probably the biggest thing that actually quashes good ideas is that you think it's you think it's a fantastic idea. You've done all your research. All of the websites are telling you there's a problem, but when you go out and speak to your customers, they don't think it's a problem. And those people are the ones that'll be paying for your product. So if it's a big problem for you and you can feel that it needs some change, you need to ensure that the market is ready for it, that you are in you're launching your app or your product in the right place and that you have people that once you do launch your product will be ready to sign up and ready to start paying you. So that takes us onto the target market. So we've talked about what the problem is and this problem might be quite wide reaching. I in my problem statement I talked about mobile vendors holistically that means you know coffee vans, food trucks, people at a fate or a fair but what we really want to do here in this next slide is say our idea is going to solve this problem for XY Z. And you want to avoid defining your target market as large as possible. It's a trap that a lot of people fall into. They think that investors want to know that their idea is going to solve, you know, the world, but that's incredibly hard to actually implement. And finding a target market that is not yet doesn't yet have a solution for it and is very willing to get involved is the real key here. So you have to remember as well that your target market is not always your end user. So let's take that multiple scerosis concept that I talked about earlier. You may be creating an app for someone with a disability who may or may not be the person paying for that product. It may be a family member a partner or it might be them themselves. But it's important to just differentiate who your target market is. Let's take a good example of an app that helps children between the ages of 3 to eight. The children are not your target market. The parents are your target market. They're the people who are paying for the app. They're the ones who'll be probably, you know, downloading it onto the iPad or whatever it is. And they're the ones who ultimately can switch it off and unsubscribe if they don't feel it's adding value. So your target market should be or where your opportunity is to succeed. It's also quite important on this slide to talk about the demographic demographics of your target market. So if you think that you know parents of kids aged between 3 to 8, they might be between the ages of I don't know 25 to 45. And it's quite good to just make that distinction so that you can try and add some numerical value to it. So you could then go at the Bureau of Statistics and say well in Australia there are X number of people who have children between the ages of 25 to 35 for example or 25 to 45 whatever I said. So that's just a good tip and this slide is really where you tell the story about the scope and the scale of the problem. So, this is how I tackled it. And let's bear in mind that it's often very hard to really identify what the market size is. , I admittedly I probably could have done a bit more on this slide about the actual demographic. I think putting something on here around the personalities or the demographics of the people I'm trying to reach would have been a bit more