# VIDEO: Workshop 2 : Pitch Presentation (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

need you to share my business on LinkedIn. Here's a here's a link to it. Could everyone get out their phone and share my business on LinkedIn? " And that's fantastic. They're leveraging the audience. They're leveraging the opportunity to capture those people that are watching and use them in a in a nice way. Obviously no one's obliged to do anything, but it's always good to be clear around what you're asking for. So on the next slide you'll see I've just said connect with me on LinkedIn, share coffee van connect collective to your network and anyone who has a software developer or CTO chief technology officer connection put me in touch because I'm looking for a CTO very clear concise doesn't need to be you know asking the world at this point if you are looking for investment try to be clear on how much exactly you're asking for and what you plan to do with that money. , again, doesn't have to be too detailed, but just, you know, we've estimated it'll cost 50K to create a MVP of our application, which we hope to do within 12 months. , we will then start generating revenue in year two and we will see a profit by year four or five. So that's telling your investors that they'll be getting a return on their investment in year four or five and it helps them make informed decision on whether that's something they want to partake in. Okay. And then finally just a thank you slide. So if we go to the next slide, I've just put here a QR code to my LinkedIn profile. You're all welcome to connect with me on LinkedIn. , and if you have any questions, I'm happy to answer them offline as well. , but this is just a final slide to really highlight to everyone. This is who we are. This is who I am. , try and put your contact details on here if you can. And if you if you're not on LinkedIn, get on LinkedIn. It's very important. And finally, I'm just going to give you some tips or tricks that I have learned through doing these pitch these pictures in the past. So formatting matters. Ironic because my formatting's gone to today, but that's all right. , less is more. So try to put as few words on the possible on the page as possible. , that means people won't be distracted when you're pitching to them. Focus on the problem and who you are solving it for. Write a script. Now, I want to be clear here. Writing a script does not mean holding a piece of paper in your hands and reading off it with your head buried in the paper. There is nothing worse than someone doing this in a pitch. , but I find it useful to just write in a word document what I plan to say for each of the slides. , and then when I do get to that slide, I've got some things to go off. Time your script. So, I tried to time this one to about an hour. , and practice, practice, practice, practice. I always like to memorize my scripts because I don't like to spitball too much when I'm up there on the stage because quite often you're up on a stage. I like to have it quite succinct and ready to go, especially when it's only four or five minutes that you have to explain your concept. And the last thing is about eye contact, open body language, use your hands. , if you're doing a video presentation, try to keep central to the camera. Try not to move around too much. , just maybe use your hands to emphasize some of the words and, , try to put some good diction on the words as well. So, those are all things that seem easy, but when you do get into it, it can be quite challenging. , if you're all doing a video recording, that means you've got probably a few attempts to do it. So just practice and then give it a go recording it and you can always record it again. And that is my presentation. So if anyone has any questions I've just got a Q&A slide but that's that's it. Thank you so much Emily that was fantastic especially once we bring this theoretical with the practical together and as someone who is women in STEM and has and owning your business. I think that was a very enjoyable presentation. I'm sure that you had a fantastic layer of the PowerPoint which we are going to share with the audience but and the recording is going to be shared with the classes that we would like to offer. Again this was a whole package of a pitching of idea which is has a potential com you know point for commercialization but I think is at this level for the design for change I would like to con I know that Emily mentioned this so if you don't don't afraid that your idea is not mature enough to be presented with this four minute e we just want to have your idea and I know that's for some of the students you know a digital prototype is an assessment just bring your idea recorded in four minutes and unpack to the vision and a problem that is all we need so I guess is there any question from the audience for Emily concern about the time we don't have that many time but I guess that is just this beginning of how we connected so we can if you have any concern or your question about the design for change competition or if you have any question for Emily please share it with me I'm happy to support and facilitate this connection and I guess if you don't have any question that means that the session was clear enough and at this stage you don't have any questions so please just follow the instruction and practice, practice, practice. That's the best message and we wish you all the best and we hope to see you with in the live showcase of the design for change 2023. Please submit your 4minut video by 29th of May if you would like to be considered as a competitors in the competition. And again, thank you so much Emily for you know, accepting our invitation and covering this workshop. It was very informative. Thank you. >> Thank you and good luck to everyone.