# VIDEO: Workshop 2 : Pitch Presentation (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

or 25 to 45 whatever I said. So that's just a good tip and this slide is really where you tell the story about the scope and the scale of the problem. So, this is how I tackled it. And let's bear in mind that it's often very hard to really identify what the market size is. , I admittedly I probably could have done a bit more on this slide about the actual demographic. I think putting something on here around the personalities or the demographics of the people I'm trying to reach would have been a bit more powerful. So perhaps I could have put something around, you know, most coffee van owners work six days a week. Like that's that's a stat that you have to go and validate. But it's quite powerful. It shows that these people are very hardworking. They're passionate. And at the moment it's frustrating for them in the industry. But the way that I actually val valued this market size is I went to a Facebook group that I'm a part of. I said, "Okay, well, there's around 2,400 members in this. I'm going to make some assumptions here. Do a few calculations. " And I've estimated that there's over 625,000 bookings being made every year, which currently are being done in very laborious, inefficient ways. And there's an opportunity here to tackle this market. So once you have set that context, once you have drawn in the audience, you've got them to really understand that hey there's a problem here. And this problem is not currently being solved for or maybe it is being solved for but it's not very effective. Then we can look at the solution. So the solution is you know what you all want to jump into when you first start talking about your idea. It should describe your product or service and how customers will be using your product or service. , and why are you the one solving the problem as well. Make sure you're clear on how it addresses the problems that you've outlined in the slides above. , and it's also quite important to show that your business has differentiation u between other businesses out there as well. So, this is where you can actually use things like photos, screenshots, or prototypes of your app and actually take a little snippet of it and put it on the slide. , I don't know how familiar any of you are with a software such as Figma, but it's a really good free tool that you can use to sort of drag and drop and just create a very crude version of what your concept or app might look like when it's finished. So, let's be clear here. We don't need to have a fully functional app to win a pitch competition. We need to show that we have a good idea. , and actually, if you do have a fully functional app, you've probably spent a lot of money creating it. , and you don't have any revenue yet. So, this is where we leverage things like Figma. So, if we go into the next slide, you'll see here on the right, , I don't know about you, but I think that looks like a website. So, that's not a real website. That is something that I created in that tool, Figma. I just took some images that I had in my database and I've changed some things on the page and I've made it look like, hey, if I were to create this web application, this is what it would look like. It would be a holistic support network for the coffee van community to come to. It's a search engine and booking platform similar to other platforms out there that are very successful in other industries such as hotel bookings. , and it's somewhere where members can actually come manage their bookings and also access member benefits. And one of the real things that's adding value from my product is that it's transparency and security for both the vendor and the hirers. So that's telling my audience this is the value that my customers are getting out of the product that I've built. And I've also added some just another slide here with some highle graphics around. And by creating a platform like this, we can really harness the power of the collective. I will note that the graphics shouldn't look like that. I think the formatting's changed slightly because of the PowerPoint issues. So again, another reason to check your PowerPoints. But this is telling us that through the web application we can access supplier discounts, sustainability initiatives and we can capture data that is not available elsewhere. You'll notice on this slide that there's only three images and about six words. You don't need to have a 100 words on the slide. And actually, it's more powerful to be able to talk to this slide in a way that people can just get the information without having to be distracted by everything else on the page. So, we're we're getting into the latter part of the pitch deck. What I would say is if you are pushed for time and if you are pushed for I'm not sure how this competition what the rules are in the competition but sometimes you are limited by the number of slides you're allowed to have as well. If you're limited by the number of slides I would focus on the first four or five. These other ones are still important but less important than the first ones that really define the problem and the solution. So this next slide is about the competition. So you want to be able to show firstly that you've thought about what else is out there in the world that has been created that could potentially you know undercut you because you've you've taken too long or yours is too expensive. So have a think and do some research on what's out there. It's important to remember that it doesn't always matter if there are similar products out there. And this could actually help your case if it proves that the concept is working successfully elsewhere. Now, a good example of this is Car Next Door. , I can't see any of your faces, but if you've ever used Car Next Door in Victoria, , you may know that they got acquired last year by Uber , for an undisclosed amount, which always means a hell of a lot of money. , but they actually first got their idea when they were traveling in Europe and they saw the concept being rolled out in Europe and they realized, hey, we don't have this in Australia and it doesn't look like these other companies are planning to come to Australia and roll it out. So, why don't we do a car sharing app in Australia and I believe they started with a niche with a very small suburb in Melbourne. They started with that niche and then they expanded and expanded in Australia and now they've just been bought by Uber. So that's pretty cool. So I like to use that example as a way to show that it's okay if there's other products out there, but you really need to demonstrate why your product would be better and potentially customers would use your product over another. So, one way that I think you can do this is something like this. And I don't know if anyone's used a matrix like this before, but essentially you can highlight where there are other items out there are other products out there, but they may be more expensive and then you would put that on the right hand side of the table or they might have very low functionality. Like an example here is that you know we've got Facebook. People are using Facebook for coffee van bookings which is free essentially but it's very low functionality. They can't actually search and do all of this stuff. It's just trying to post on a Facebook group if you need a coffee van. So where coffee van collective sits is in that top left quadrant which is its low cost and its high functionality. And I've also highlighted there the UVP which is the unique value propositions that Coffee Van Collective provides against all the other products in the market. So that's important as well. Think about how your app or your idea is unique to other items that are out there or other products that are out there. Right? The business model. Now this can be challenging. It's it's probably the hardest part of a pitch because once you have your idea, it's very easy to explain what you want to do. It's quite hard to explain how you're going to do it and how you're going to make money from