# VIDEO: Workshop 1:  Professional networking with confidence (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the first workshop for our very popular start talking competition. So this workshop is about professional networking with a confidence. So we invited our guest speaker from different organization for our students to be able to hear some of the you know the advice the you know their insights of their you know guest the speakers current career and roles in different organization. What are the skills you know looking at the future job looking at what why this is important for us professional networking with confidence maybe that's is linked with the you know success in our career so and considering we have a representative of different organization from media from government industry academic career specialist so we hope to have a kind of inclusive dialogue and conversation here to unpack this professional networking and its importance in our career job. So I guess I'm going to stop. That was just me introducing but I need to share my slide and that would be okay. I'm going to share. All right. So I guess we already discussed about what is the purpose of today's meeting and I would like to go with the acknowledgement of the country. So we respectfully acknowledge the wari people of colonation who are the traditional owners of the land on which we are going to meet today. So if you're coming from Sarowak campuses so I would like to respect to all the traditional owners of the land that you are joining us today and we would like to pay our respects and to the elders past present and emerging. All right. So I guess the agenda is me just spending about two or three minutes to promote the start talking competition and as I said this is the first workshop and what is very important I would like to introduce our panel members who are coming from different who are representing different organization and different kind of discipline and career. So we are going to have this discussion very shortly. So for now I would like you to invite you all to watch this one minute video to know more about start talking competition at Swimburn. All right. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, Start Talking is the place for you. You have four minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. But now it's your turn to start talking. All right. So that was that was us coming with this start talking competition. But again I just want to summarize this is the first workshop. We have the second workshop coming. It's about storytelling video by Adobe Rush. So the entry for this competition is a 4minut video of your idea with the social impact and that is going to be submitted to myself by Monday 9th of October to be showcased in the live showcase of competition. The selected actually the selected videos are going to be showcased and the winner of the start talking is going to be selected by our judges and that is coming with the cash prize story of success and emerging leaders program is going to recognize your skill. I guess that is about me and start talking. So now let's stop this slide and coming back to our business which is going to be I'm going to ask our panel members with no order. So, I would like to see if I can actually ask Claire to start because I can see you from on my top you know corner of the screen to introduce yourself and just beat yourself in one minute and talk about your position please. >> Thank you very much for having me and a warm welcome to everybody who's who's joined today. Yes, my name is Claire. I'm a journalist. I've been a journalist more than 30 years now. Working initially in Australia in politics and parliamentary reporting and then moving over to the BBC and working for the World Service in the UK and then into Southeast Asia where I lived for several years as a correspondent. I got into journalism since we're working about networking. I got into journalism not because I had family and connections in journalism. That would have helped me a great deal if I had industry connections from my university days. Instead I worked as a volunteer on a community radio station and then one day applied for a job that I was very unqualified for. But I so impressed the manager of the news agency with my get up and go that they created a job for me. And so I look back at that time and I think you know if I had a better portfolio at university and made connections while I was a student that may have helped me to get started as it was, you know, I got a good job. I started at the National News Agency AAP back in the 80s. , so that's me. I now work as an educator. I'm very proud to work at Swinburn where I teach in the in the journalism courses. , at the moment I'm teaching feature writing. I also teach reporting democracy and broadcast and other things, podcasting. , and that's me. >> Thank you, Claire. I appreciate that. So we do you want to introduce yourself, please? >> Oh, yes. Thanks for having me. Hello everyone. My name is Wayey. My background is I originally from China from Beijing. Yeah. I in China I got my bachelor and master degree in computer science. Then I come to Australia I studied my PhD. So after I finished my PhD so I get a job in the university. I have worked in the Australia universities for more than I think more than 20 years. Right. Yeah. Say you know in the PLD we mainly doing research. So that make me interested working the university. So I can continue doing research and publish papers. I also interested in the teaching and in our computer science or IT area you know that keep us always learn that new things new programming language. So it's a I think that is a very exciting the area. So nowadays you can see the high-tech make us make our life much easier right. So yeah so this is my background and my current position is working in the university as a senior lecture in the department of computing technology. Thanks. >> Thank you so much. We Omar, would you like to introduce yourself and your position please? >> Sure. Thanks Peter. Hi everyone. My name is Omar. My background I studied a bachelor of chemical engineering and studied a masters of environmental engineering. I started I started my career as a pharmaceuticals process engineer where I worked in Fizer for a few years on pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing. And from there I moved into consulting. So right now I'm working in management consulting at KPMG where I look after I specialize in asset management. So basically the maintenance and operation planning and strategy for physical assets and I work across multiple sectors. , I've worked across transport, energy, , water resources and currently I'm focusing on healthcare and life sciences. Thanks. >> Thank you, Omar. So, Hugh, it's your time to introduce yourself. Thank you. >> , thanks Ben and thanks for having me along. , so I'm Hugh. , I, , I have a very strange background. I was a medical student and then a briefly a med law student and then a commerce student and then a PhD and then everything else and then sort of essentially dropped out of the whole lot. But ended up with a science degree. But ended up in management consulting for a little while running my own sort of boutique almost accidentally. And then built that up and worked at worked across government and things like that and then ended up starting a software company. So it's called Skocial. We let companies schedule things to social media. Long story