not giving up. >> Thank you, Claire. I think I had some disconnection in between your talk, but I hope everyone hear what you said. Thank you so much for sharing your comments on that. So Andrew, do you want to join the conversation? >> Yeah, >> share more skills. Thank you. >> I think Claire and Omar and we and Jeffrey and Hugh would all say that communication, but I think writing is very important and for government writing is a key part of the job. , and it's a different style of writing to a journalist. It's a different style of writing for a consulting report and it's a different style of writing for the academy. So when I recruit people there's nothing worse than the sentence that's in their covering letter that's that has a mistake in it. Because what that shows to me is the person hasn't taken care in how they write and they haven't proof read it and so they're not the type of person that will get to the next stage of even having a conversation. They might be the best person for the job but their first impression is a written word. And so the written word is really powerful. And you can have you can enjoy different styles. You can write for different audiences and knowing what your audience is and what they expect I think is really important and it takes practice. It takes conversations and there's people out there who can help. So the written word for me is very important. Thank you Andrew. So I guess coming with the communication so it comes with a different aspects of communication. So I know that from someone who did the science degree in an different educational system coming to teach in three different educational system. This communication at least for STEM area it's kind of barrier. We really want to come out from this comfort zone and we really need to act. So for us to stay in front of people for me to come to do this you know panel discussion and act as a host these are all challenging but I guess it's really about how you are going outside your comfort zone and you practice. So as much as you practice you and you have a good guideline and example and mentors I guess you can improve your communication like written communication talking you know the visual communication now with this after co all of the digital communication so yeah all of this communication again Jeffrey do you want to add something about the skills especially you're coming as a career consultant and talk with a lot of you know graduates who are looking for a job. What is your advice? >> Graduates and stakeholders. I was thinking about the dreaded word stakeholders. Of I'm going to of course mention communication but to me it's about listening to your listening and then producing or writing something for your audience is a critical part of obviously of communication. And for me in my roles it's been either you know working onetoone with well at Swinburn a dual sector institution from TA to PhD students. So in one sense the approach is the it might may well be the same but the language what I'm listening to what I'm listening for and the kind of the hopefully solutions I might be providing are going to vary according to the audience and it's the same with if I'm then or involved in writing content for career resources or for career subjects or dealing with academics and listening to them what they want. So I was also thinking it's about it's that mix of communication and problem solving and providing solutions that kind of that are that are congruent. That's a terribly that's a terrible word but that are that are in line with what the audience is can actually achieve what they can do what they see as viable. So it's, you know, good communication is about listening to your might be an audience of one or it might be an audience of 100. , working out what the issue is, using the problem solving skills and coming up with some kind of solution that they feel that they can take away and work with and that they're happy with. And that's I mean that's and I and there's so much packed into that, isn't there? , but that's also a kind of a I think an really important kind of suite of skills to be involved in listening to what the problem is and then providing some kind of solution that makes sense. And then I've written down something about nowadays as well. It's about working out what's possible, what's viable, what would be perfect and it's managing all those expectations as well. That is a I think a pretty important skill set at the m nowadays in terms of just working out what can we do, what's possible, what's viable, what would be loved to do. So all those sorts of skills. So I've probably gone on there a bit but anyway >> thank you so much. >> That's what you've generated for me. >> Thank you. Considering the time I would like to open the new discussion which is very important and I want everyone to contribute on that and that is a bad opportunity through our conversation we discuss about the importance of networking professional networking with a confidence passion interest awareness so I guess I would like to open this question for our students that what are the opportunities for our gradu graduate it's present and I can see the question in the chat which is about an opportunity in current job market in Victoria for IT students in the IT industry but I guess considering we have our guest speakers from different organization can you please advise our students what are the opportunities and how they can be updated connected with for those opportunities. Omar, do you want to start? >> Yeah, sure. So, in terms of opportunities, I guess that's a really big and open question cuz there's opportunities in everything at the moment, isn't there? But what I will say, I guess in terms of accessing those opportunities, one of the best ways that I found is through networking. The more people that you speak to, the more that you'll be across what opportunities they have. , especially the organizations that aren't big and loud online. , you know, posting their opportunities everywhere. , so smaller organizations, you'll probably only come across the opportunities they have available with them by connecting with these people and talking to them and finding out what's happening. , and I've done that best by go connecting through professional associations and going to networking events. , for example, for myself as an engineer, , I volunteer and network a lot at Engineers Australia. , I know that there's a lot of other, , you know, in pharmaceuticals, I used to go to, , parent parental drug association. There's lots of different associations that you can go to based on the industry that you're interested in. , so definitely recommend that. , and don't get bogged down in the , you know, everyone will tell you, oh, apply to the grad job applications. Apply to the grad job applications. It's not the only way to get a job and it's not the only opportunity out there. , so just find alternative methods because it does make your life easier as well. >> Thank you, Omar. So, Andrew, do you want to join for the opportunity government? >> Yeah. So, I think for government, , I think Omar's hit the nail on the head. So, there's some really nice graduate programs and you should have a look at them and you should check them out and don't be put off if it's not in the area that you want because you'll be taken on a journey that's going to be amazing and educational and you'll work out where the right fit is for you if you choose government. But as Omar said, they're not the only way to get into government. Government has lots and lots of different entry points and I think a few of the panelists have had careers that have touched on government u both briefly or for me 20 plus years. So I think that's a really interesting way to evolve a career. One of the things that I do at the moment is I'm I'm very active on LinkedIn. I know Bitter's very active on LinkedIn. It's a great way of seeing what's around and to Omar's point around the smaller industries and if you follow the right threads, you can start to see where the industry trends are that you might like to work with or the NOS's or the other companies that