information. Claire opportunities for the journalist. Yeah, look, I just wanted to build on what Jeffrey was saying there about how you can get out there and find out what's happening and where the jobs are and connect with people and it's getting involved and actually getting along to things. , I'm always saying to my students, you know, go along to public meetings, go along to seminars, go to conferences, , meet people, talk to them, listen to them. Communication as I think Andrew was saying, it's not just about talking the talk, it's about listening to what people are saying and then acting on what you hear. Some people in this group hopefully will be interested in journalism. Having a science degree is a great basis for going into journalism because you can bring that incredible knowledge of both the field and research methods to your journalism. And there are networks around the world of both scientists who are active in the media in communication and journalists who cover science. And I'm going to put in the chat two examples of those. One is the Australian group which is made up of scientists and journalists. And also there's a global network of science journalists and that's a link to their next conference. So just think about how you can get out there in the world and connect with people who are doing the kind of work that you want to do. They're at meetings, they're at conferences, they're at public meetings, they're attending events. >> Thank you. We I would like to ask you the question because I can see there are some technical IT skills is requested in the chat and which part of the IT industry is growing and hiring right now. Do you have any do you know comment for that question or we would >> well in the sector that I work in and I'll be brief because other people will know more but just briefly in my sector it's it's data journalism. It's using big data. It's it's getting across what's happening with artificial intelligence. And it's using technologies that connect journalists across borders. So because the business model of journalism has broken in many ways, new ideas are coming up and one of them is people working together across borders and across boundaries and using technology to help them to do that. Thank you Claire. In fact that was my very last question which can be aligned with your answer. What is the trend if we are looking at the future in your career and your organization? So what is the trend and what are the skills or something that students can consider so that maybe the artificial intelligence and the data science. So those are the skills that I think it students they are very good. So we if you have any input for feedback for that. >> yeah. Yeah. I think of for the university student I think some student in the I think the question said we don't have experience hard to get a job. For my point of view is that you should learn that fundamental that programming skills. So the if you know that the fundamental that programming skill no matter what kind of a new kind of programming language coming for example before is C language now it's Java now it's the Python very quickly you can you can you can get in that new kind of programming language and I think I can put some I can say example before I had I had a PhD student when he got a he got a job just three months. You know, employ employer normally don't like to give you a long-term contract. They we just give gave him a three months. So, he want to see employer want to see his ability. But that job I think that is you know that the big data the tro wanted to shift that big data from one database to another database you know but that PD student told me he never learned that kind of called a script language that on the on the Unix system. You have to remember most are programming language on the Microsoft window you know. So he said that he just quickly to learn by himself. Yeah. Day and night very quickly he can learn that scrap language. So he can automatically transfer that data the big data you know can transfer from one database to another database right. So later so he will he get that long-term contract. So later actually he drop off his T study you know now he get a very high pay salary. He can shift from testra then that bank and the insurance. So this kind of company always use a very big database >> because he has that kind of scale. I think another example I can I can share that >> we sorry just consider about the time we are just about to close this panel discussion. I always h wish if we have more time to keep talking about our experiences, our stories and you know to give this guide guidance to our students. But I would like to consider this one minute for the very sharp and short point that we missed during our conversation to share with our students. Who is that brave will enter here to answer this sharp and short point? Omar, you go for it. >> , sorry beta. So, what's the sharpen and short point? >> Yes, it could be anything that we want to share at the end or we missed to share. >> Yeah. , look, just go for every opportunity that you come across. Meet as many people and talk to as many people as you can. , and I saw one of the comments in the chat as well about fear of rejection. Just go for it and the worst that they can say is no. So, yeah, I guess that's as short as I can keep it. >> Thank you. , I guess I >> I'll go in there. >> Yes, Jeffrey, please you go. And I want everyone to turn be ready after Jeffrey finish. I would like those who are volunteer to turn on their video and we are going to capture a screenshot and for a memory of this conversation to come back next year. So Jeffrey go ahead. >> You go. It's the increasingly global labor market. Australian firms understand that the idea that and I'm responding as well to some of the questions in the chat that an Australian firm would think oh no you've only got experience in a little town like Singapore is I'd argue laughable. You don't if they say that you don't want to work for them. As a to me it comes back to again you your job is to approach the employers you want to work for and it's in terms of the IT world I think over the last 5 to 10 years Australian firms are realizing they can be very flexible in terms of all sorts of things about people's backgrounds PR all sorts of issues suddenly become very flexible if they think they found the right person but so that means that you've got your it's your job to you get out there and start contacting, as everyone's been saying, turning up to events, having those accidental meetings, which aren't accidents at all because you're turning up. , and you're making connections. And if you've got the right skill set for what that company needs right then and there, and that's just such a random chaotic thing, trust me, they will find a way to, you know, have another chat and another chat and another chat. So that would be my kind of advice is in a sense don't worry about the anything to do with skill shortages or what's hot, what's not, whatever. The right company will find the right candidate, but you've your job is to get out there and talk to them. There you go. >> Thank you so much, Jeffrey, for this sharp and short message to our students. Now is the time to celebrate this moment of the end of the workshop one start talking 2023. So we are looking for your innovative idea in a format of 4minut video to be shared with us. Come along to the second workshop where we are going to learn about how to create an inspiring video with Adobe Rush. But for now please turn on your video. I'm going to count down from 3 to 1 and then I'm going to take a screenshot and I would like everyone to have a smile. So I'm going to start three, two, and one. Okay, let me to prove the Yes, it works. And thank you so much for all of the panel members for your valuable time.