# VIDEO: Workshop 1:  Professional networking with confidence (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

background. I was a medical student and then a briefly a med law student and then a commerce student and then a PhD and then everything else and then sort of essentially dropped out of the whole lot. But ended up with a science degree. But ended up in management consulting for a little while running my own sort of boutique almost accidentally. And then built that up and worked at worked across government and things like that and then ended up starting a software company. So it's called Skocial. We let companies schedule things to social media. Long story short, been doing that for nearly 10 years. It's got a team of 40 or so people. And we work remotely around the world. And yeah, so I sort of I guess I have bits and pieces in terms of my career. I've certainly been one of those people who probably has had a very non-traditional pathway, a little bit like CLA's comments. But you know have had the habit of saying yes a lot to things and you know had a lot of luck along the way to get to where I am now. >> Amazing. Thank you, Hugh. And now I would like to ask invite Andrew to introduce yourself please. >> Hi beta. Thanks for having me along and hello everyone. I'm representing government tonight despite the University of Melbourne banner. So I'm a wildlife biologist by trade. So I did a PhD in wildlife biology. And then I joined government and became a research scientist with government. I worked out that science is only one part of the or doing the science is only one part of the science journey and policy becomes really important in terms of making decisions and for decision makers. So moved across into the policy space and then moved across into the innovation space and all throughout the my career as a as an ecologist what I'm really good at is making connections and seeing how systems work. So I still keep active in terms of publications. I've had three papers come out recently. One's in the area of genomics, one's in the area of quantum computing, , and one's in the area of space. So, they're very quite unusual, but it shows the passion for science. So, science and innovations, the common thread. So, my jobs change have changed over my career, but , the passion for science and STEM has remained. Thanks, Peter. >> Thank you, Andrew. Amazing. I guess some of the key words connection networking passion these are the key words that we are coming back to this for the success in our career whatever it is. So and I would like to invite Jeffrey or I think last guest speaker to introduce yourself Jeffrey. >> Okay thanks Peter. Hi everyone my name is Jeffrey Gulfall. I'm a casual academic at Swinburn. Have been at Swinburn for about 18 months marking and lecturing and tutoring some career development subjects. Before that I was with other universities for about 12 years as a careers counselor, careers educator, careers consultant, all sorts of terminology. I didn't grow up wanting to be a career counselor. It's maybe it's fitting I'm working in the career space since I was either fortunate or unfortunate enough to kind of start three degrees I think before I managed to finish one back in the day when you could do that. Then I gravitated towards working government. Not out of any grand plan but found myself in a great public institution of the government at the Commonwealth government at the time called the Commonwealth Employment Service in the 80s which was a fascinating space to be. So I can I am old enough to have remembered recessions movement of government services into onto computers which was fascinating. So I worked in general employment services for 5 years. Then because of government policies and strategies I then got into working with disadvantaged and homeless young people for about eight years in St. Kilda and then worked on setting up a center in the city to work to help with homeless young people in conjunction with state governments and local governments and all sorts of things. Then sometime as a result of just government policies, I moved on to the careers space and ran a careers a public careers library for 10 years. Then moved into found myself having to find other work. And I had to network fairly radically and quickly and found myself into the higher education space. So I'm not sure if that's a linear pathway or not, but that's my pathway. >> Thank you, Jeffrey. Thank you. I should admit that now we at Swimburn I ended up being a secondman position with the real academic program. I'm coming from a school of science but now I'm working with the real academic program. So I guess I like kind of passion and kind of being connected with people always learning from each other. So to unpack of some of our journey and I guess we want to come up with kind of inspiring conversation to our students who are going to graduate and looking for a career and success in the organization that we are working or beyond that. So I would like to share your stories your feedback on the questions that I'm going to ask. Again we have limited time. So if you think that one question is already addressed so we can move to the next question. So my first question for the panel member maybe cla can start with that. So is about how did you develop an interest in pursuing a career in your field? You're muted, Claire. >> I'm Yes. Look, I had a passion. , I had an interest in words, in writing. I loved I loved reading and I loved writing. , and I didn't know what broad options there might be when I was thinking about a career. But I settled on journalism when I was about I think in about midway through high school and I and I f started focusing on politics and law and I learned to type and that kind of thing. And then I went to university and did a politics degree at Melbourne Uni and I had a passion for information. I wanted to understand how the world worked and journalism was a good fit for me because journalism is about finding out what's happening, finding out what's working, what's not working, who's responsible and who's not doing their job properly. And trying to get answers and pass that on to the general public in a way that enables them to understand to communicate clearly and concisely and accurately information. And these are things I think that science scientists and science students will understand this idea of being naturally curious of trying to find out what the facts are and understand them and then communicate that. And in science the whole idea of science communication is I think relatively recent but it's a it's a whole skill set of not just being good at science but also being good at communication and happy to talk some more about that as we as we go. >> Thank you Claire. We just opened that question to maybe Hugh I'm coming to you an entrepreneur answering what makes you interest to the career that you are doing or that journey because I can see that there are different you know phases of the career and yeah >> yeah I mean if you ask me I mean I was always you know sort of looking back you can see that I was probably always going to be self-employed and you know like some have some sort of entrepreneurial type pathway but at the time as you know particularly as a school student or even as a as a university student I had you know no real interest and my parents would probably say to me now that they thought I was going to but you know we'll see I think really a lot of it is you know for me it was always about you know it was something where I enjoyed it and I enjoyed really solving problems and it was a way for me to find I guess a way to motivate myself to discover and solve interesting problems. , and a little bit like I'm sure Omar's experience, you know, consulting probably gave me a little bit of a first insight into that. You know, I sort of ran a little boutique myself, but you know, you sort of get that problem solving space. , and I sort of quickly realized that, you know, the career that I otherwise would have, I guess, done , healthcare is, you know, yes, you're solving problems, but you're often solving exactly the same problem sort of over and over again or small