# VIDEO: Workshop 1:  Professional networking with confidence (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

know on the beginning we use that assembling language just that very difficult for coding later we have that high level programming language. You know later the actually the research when we use that kind of a text command that based the research we are doing during that time we say that called a graphic user interface use that called a vill programming. So based on that research you can see now the computer we most computer we just click button. So we can drag that file to copy before we have to type a command copy. Then we type a file name to another file name. Right? So this is very interesting. So you can see the research always keep going to create a new idea. So later on so maybe not immediately convert to that commercial product later on. So that can be become a commercial product. So this is also interesting and challenged in the academic work right. >> Thank you. We Omar I would like to hear from you. I didn't see you. I have limited access to the people on the top. Omar I missed you. Let's go with your opinion for the this question and the previous one. Yes please. >> Yeah. So I guess for me some of the enjoy bits in consulting and working with clients in a dynamic environment is I get to work on a lot of problems and face very different things every day. And you know I'm like Andrew is saying I'm always learning always learning something new with every project with every client that I work with. And I get exposure to a lot of different you know sectors as well. The other thing about that I enjoy a lot is essentially the outcome of it all when I help you know solve a problem for a client and in the end you know they say oh this has really helped us advance this part in our organization or this has helped us to you know move past this obstacle that we've been facing for a while and you know see their growth after that. So I think having that you know tangible benefit and helping someone after at the end of it is something I really enjoy. In terms of challenges, I guess and this is probably part of my engineering background. You know, I was a I was a pro previously I was a process engineer where I was, you know, in a manufacturing site and I used to find a problem and actually just get into it, solve it myself, work with the with the operators on the on the shop floor and get it going. So the challenge that I have now is I kind of come up with a solution and give it to the client and leave them to go and do it. So I'm not really being hands-on and going and fixing things myself and going on the shop floor to, you know, look at a valve or kick a kick a tank. So I think that's probably something that I that I find a bit challenging and not have not having that hands-on approach as much anymore. But I think it definitely a lot of the other aspects make up for it. >> Thank you. So from the guest speaker, do you want to add more comments on that or we are going to start a new question and conversation? All right. So if we already share our comments about what is the most enjoyable or challenging related to our career let's move on to what is the most important you know we're talking about the skills if we are going to graduate okay you bring your discipline knowledge but what it coming to the interview you going to the different organization so they are looking for some maybe some other skills and for me the value and impact that you can bring to the organization that's very important. So what were the skills that you can share with us that is most important for your success in your career pathway? I'm I'm sure that there should be some common skills between a journalist, an academic and some entrepreneur. So yeah, I would like to request he to start that conversation. >> I mean I think I think generally speaking entrepreneurs are people who are very bad at saying no and they're willing to accept a lot of risk you know and a lot of lot of stress. Like I keep saying to people like you'll know if you want to be you'll know if you want to run a run a business because like you'll kind of hate it but you'll love it at the same time. And like every small business owner and every whether it's from tiny business through huge business will tell you of the time where like they couldn't make payroll or like you know the cash flow all got stuffed up or whatever it is and it was like a total nightmare and they ripped their hair out for days but they just sort of they'll at the same time say to you oh my god but I missed those days. They were such great days. So I think you know one part is you know you sort of have this approach and this sort of I guess acceptance almost of it. But I think the second part and you know kind of coming back to some of the things that perhaps in common is like you know as entrepreneurs so much of our job is about communicating what it is that you know we're looking for. You know whether that's about selling stuff to customers whether it's about hiring people which is you know one of the most important jobs for you as a as an entrepreneur is hiring the right team. And you have to like sell a person on joining your team just as much as you have to sell a customer on buying the product if not more. , you know, because good people can be quite hard to persuade. And so, you know, all of those skills around persuasive language and persuasive writing and all sorts of stuff is actually, I would say, some of the most useful skills because that's actually what you'll find you end up using day in day out continuously even just in managing people to some degree, but you know, probably don't need to get into that piece. But you know those communication skills become so important because you spend so much of your time you know having to work across different departments and things like that and being able to you know distill complex thoughts into something that someone else can understand. So you know I have to be able to explain you know things from our software engineering team into our marketing team to be able to make sure that they understand what we're going to do next. So you know you have to be able to develop and really flex those skills. And that's been something that's been really useful for me both you know when I was consulting all the way through. In being able to connect those different dots. >> Thank you, Hugh. So, do we want to join Hugh and add comments on that, Claire? >> Well, I was going to talk about communication, but Hugh's grabbed that. So, look, I'm going to add determination because, you know, journalism is a tough is a tough job. Most jobs have tough areas. And it's the ability to come up against a hurdle and be willing to jump the hurdle and even if you knock it down to be willing to have a go at the next one and the next one. , you know, in journalism, , we're looking for truth and, , a lot >> and we're now in a climate where missing keep asking the questions , you know, keep trying to find the people that we need to get the job done is really important. And I think that applies, you know, in science as well as in journalism because there's a search truth there as well. There's there's trial and error. There's the answers that you wanted and being willing just to keep going, not giving up. >> Thank you, Claire. I think I had some disconnection in between your talk, but I hope everyone hear what you said. Thank you so much for sharing your comments on that. So Andrew, do you want to join the conversation? >> Yeah, >> share more skills. Thank you. >> I think Claire and Omar and we and Jeffrey and Hugh would all say that communication, but I think writing is very important and for government writing is a key part of the job. , and it's a different style of writing to a journalist. It's a