had careers that have touched on government u both briefly or for me 20 plus years. So I think that's a really interesting way to evolve a career. One of the things that I do at the moment is I'm I'm very active on LinkedIn. I know Bitter's very active on LinkedIn. It's a great way of seeing what's around and to Omar's point around the smaller industries and if you follow the right threads, you can start to see where the industry trends are that you might like to work with or the NOS's or the other companies that are of interest. And whenever I come across a young emerging person first job or doing a mast's or something like that, I push them and say, "I want to see a LinkedIn post. " and it might be that, you know, today you've you've heard from a bunch of really interesting people. You might say, "Well, Omar told me this. Why don't you post it on LinkedIn and you know hook into Omar and then Omar's connected to the KPMG network and it's a network of networks. So I'd encourage you to take the leap post and write and like and become have an online presence on platforms like LinkedIn and other platforms that are useful. So I'll leave it there. Thank you. I see two questions that I will keep con consider that for we later because that is the IT related question and I think we is the best person but just to keep the momentum of this conversation about graduate opportunities. Hugh do you have any suggestion or you know for students that they have kind of startup idea or kind of let's say a mobile application idea. So what are the opportunities how they can you know bring their idea to their business? >> Yeah, I mean the simple piece is it's you know it's never been easy to start a business in many ways. You know you just get up there and go. , and I think, you know, the advice I always give students is that like the best the best time really to start your own business is right at the start of your career because generally speaking, obviously with some exceptions, you know, you haven't yet you don't yet have a mortgage and you know, lifestyle creep and everything else. You know, you're used to living on almost no money. At least I certainly did when I was a student. , and so, you know, it is a really great time because you don't have, you know, when you talk to a lot of the older entrepreneurs, they get a lot more, they have a lot more, I guess, concern about really taking that first step because of all of those different sort of lifestyle aspects. So, I think really, you know, in my context, it's really just like, you know, you just get up there and start and, you know, like I think whether it's that you need to, you know, you don't necessarily have to raise money, companies don't have to raise money. Some do, some don't. , you know, if you need to, then you go out and raise money. If you don't need to, you don't go out and raise money. The best money that every entrepreneur will tell you is the money that your customers give you for a good product. So and I think certainly in the world of you know it and software and things like that these days it's never been cheaper to bring a software product to market and easier to bring a software product to market. You know we don't have to like you know when I first when I first started probably in my career I should say you know you were still racking physical servers and all that kind of stuff. Or certainly you'd have to you know it' be like a one day delay between saying oh I'd like to provision this server please and then a day later they would say oh yes someone has like racked a server for you when now you know you don't even really need to even think about servers you know you just sort of like push the code and it's all done. So I think you know it's it is really such an easy thing. The really hard part is actually working out you know what you're actually going to build and who you're going to build it for and are they going to pay for it is really much harder than actually getting started. And so the getting started piece is really just work out what people need and start doing it. >> Thank you, Hugh. Jeffrey, would you like to throw in that work out what you want to do and start doing? And that was a great thing from Hugh. And I suppose my kind of thing for graduates and job seeking is my kind of first blunt kind of statement which is not to be taken entirely seriously, but stop using seek. Please stop using seek. The job that's just where jobs are listed. Forget about that. Think about who do you want to work for. Identify five to 10 organizations you really want to work for. And it makes sense that they would want to employ you with your skills, with your background, and all the values, motivation stuff, which is what organizations really are measuring when they're recruiting people. So think about that. Think about the organ the type of organizations you want to work for. And as other speakers have said, then you know politely follow them on connect up with them on LinkedIn. Look at their websites, look at their they most large organizations if you're look if that's what you're looking for will have, you know, so much information about them about who they're looking for. So in that sense, don't worry about a specific job ad coming up. If you connect with enough organizations and start kind of following them and commenting and linking in with their all their kind of events and whatever they have for young for graduates because most disciplines now have worked out they're following the demographics. They're following the idea that there's going to be a huge shortfall in skilled qualified people in Australia and many other economies globally just following the de the demographics of us baby boomers. So you know in one sense it's it's a really good it's a potentially a really good kind of market for graduates to think about who do I want to be working for who would it make sense for me to be working for and who and it would make sense for them to be employing me. So that's the first thing I'd be encouraging undergraduates and graduates is start thinking about who you want to work for and research them and find and connect with them. The other thing to do about networking is I always will tell students think about networking is you're in a you're in a place where if you see a job ad but it's not right for you but you know someone else who that would be fantastic for tell them. The best form of networking is either to send or receive the message I saw this job ad or this article and I thought of you. And if you get start getting into the habit of sending those out you'll soon get in that there'll be soon a pattern of you receiving them as well. So networking is about you being part of a great kind of interchange of information of people helping each other. So I think and for me that seeing networking in that in that sense is really helpful for all sorts of reasons. So thank you so much. I know that there are I'm just trying to keep the dialogue but I appreciate if our guest members are and I see appreciate Andrew you answer the question. Yes. We have a fantastic internship unit which provide you some in work experience with the industry in different you know disciplines and majors that you're enrolled at Swimburn. So please contact me because I'm the convenor of internship unit. So please contact me. I can provide the information. Claire opportunities for the journalist. Yeah, look, I just wanted to build on what Jeffrey was saying there about how you can get out there and find out what's happening and where the jobs are and connect with people and it's getting involved and actually getting along to things. , I'm always saying to my students, you know, go along to public meetings, go along to seminars, go to conferences, , meet people, talk to them, listen to them. Communication as I think Andrew was saying, it's not just about talking the talk, it's about listening to what people