to motivate myself to discover and solve interesting problems. , and a little bit like I'm sure Omar's experience, you know, consulting probably gave me a little bit of a first insight into that. You know, I sort of ran a little boutique myself, but you know, you sort of get that problem solving space. , and I sort of quickly realized that, you know, the career that I otherwise would have, I guess, done , healthcare is, you know, yes, you're solving problems, but you're often solving exactly the same problem sort of over and over again or small variations of it. Whereas in you know the world of entrepreneurs it's you know problems can be infinite and you know you can change all the time and you have to change all the time and you know it's a it's a much more dynamic environment and you know I've realized that my personality is much more perhaps risk-taking than most doctors most definitely more risk-taking than most doctors probably for a good reason and that really you know the people you know when I sort of engaged and met people you know from the world of entrepreneurs and things like that you know you sort of immediately discover like oh wow like these are really my people, you know, this is what I really enjoy. And, you know, like hearing these stories is what really sort of gets me going in the morning. , and that I think was where it sort of, I guess, validated the fact that I sort of found myself in this place. , you know, and that was the place where ultimately, you know, I'm probably end up spending my life in because while I had 18 months briefly working in government, I think Andrew and I spoke about this last year. , I realized very quickly that I'm not someone who tolerates being in a big organization. >> Thank you. Hugh. So what I hear from Claire and Hugh, it's about passion. It's about what is your interest and it's about your selfawareness. Something that it can for our students who are just doing their study. So just know about yourself, okay? Who you are, who makes you exciting, what makes you exciting, what makes you to like about you know to enjoy and of course the passion. So do we have from the guest speaker do we have anyone who wants to make more to this? I'll just throw in something beta. I was in a sense as I said I didn't you know grow up wanting to be a career counselor or whatever but I found myself working in giving information providing access to people to employment education and then that started turning into getting finding out information about courses and helping people from all sorts of backgrounds into education. But then a kind of allied to that was I guess forces from government industry whatever and so a whole bunch of kind of professionalization started happening in the careers space in the early 2000s just nationally and internationally. So there was a whole bunch of accredititation standards coming and I'm thinking I'm in this space now I'm even just finding out oh so that's what that's called. Oh I'm actually probably doing some counseling there. I suppose I need to get some qualifications to do that to do it properly. So it was actually a pro process of even just paying attention to what was going on around me kind of finding out there is a professional association to do that there's another one to doing that. So it was just actually finding out the landscape was a really powerful thing and kind of timing was quite good because there was just a lot of activity in the careers professional sector in as I said in Australia in the early 2000s or so and even some action from governments. U so it was just a great opportunity to kind of pay attention to what's going on and kind of write in on that. So again we are coming back to the importance of the connection and you know accept kind of being updated with the opportunities around you that might take you to the journey that you ended up being interested and enjoy and that is align with your passion. So from the guest speaker, do we have anything beyond the passion and interest and being updated with the opportunities for the as part of the interest in a career that you're doing? >> You know, something that we always had as a journalist and like one of the other panelists, I also started before we had computers. We used to carry around a little book with us all the time. , my book was a little green book and every time I met somebody, I would write down their name and their job title and their phone number. , and I protected that little green book as if it was worth a great deal amount of great deal of money. , not just because I had an obligation to my journalistic sources, but because that was really part of the currency of my trade was who I was connected to, who I could call on, who I knew would give me good information and who trusted me to share information. , and I think it's a good thing for anybody that's listening now to start thinking about who do you know that is going to help you as you move into the workforce. , and how can you build that relationship? And you know start with a little green book and write down those phone numbers. >> Thank you Claire. So now we would like to start with a new question and of course if students are in the room they have questions so they can write in the chat and I can we can you know we can consider that. So my next question is about what aspect of your career considering we have students in the room that they might be jo want to be graduate and become an entrepreneur or they would like to be an a journalist or join a government or industry or they become academic or career specialist. So what aspects of your career it's most I go to the both side of being more enjoyable and you know maybe more challenging just to give a kind of a fact to what it involve in your career. Maybe I would like to ask Andrew to unpack that question. , I think one of the things that I really find enjoyable is the work that I do and where it takes me either from a dayto-day , it's I'm always learning and learning new things. And I think anyone that's interested in STEM , and I think all the speakers today, it's a continuous learning , opportunity. I think learning is fantastic. And I think what personally my work is taking me to different parts of the world. I've met different people. I've been in circumstances that not every person gets to see or experience which is amazing. I work with brilliant people. , and the people I work with, I enjoy working with them. , , I think the challenging side of things is you'll also come across people that maybe you don't like working with as well. , so people, , there's all different types of people, and if you can find people you like working with, you share the same vision and passion, , , I think they're the types of relationships that, , that you'll enjoy through your working career. , it'll have its ups and downs, but, , yeah, look for the look for the people and the relationships, , and the learning. I think they're there things that I'd take away. Beautiful. Thank you so much Andrew. We would you like to join to this conversation and tell us in academic area what is something that is most enjoyable and what is challenging? Oh as academic you know we are most the challenge is to do the research to create a new idea and solve the problem right so I think this is a very interesting work yeah you can see in the history of the computer you know on the beginning we use that assembling language just that very difficult for coding later we have that high level programming language. You know later the actually the research when we use that kind of a text command that based the research we are doing during that time we say that called a graphic user interface use that called a vill programming. So based on that research you can see now the computer we most computer we just click button. So we can drag that file to copy before we have to type a command copy. Then we type