# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Figma (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

a yellow star here which if I uncheck it will just disappear from the start. But if I check it will just appear under there. So it makes it easier for me to get access to instead of just going into all projects and select it manually. Okay. Now we will check out this explore community. So Figma has a wide community which people will make designs and post it out. So you can check it out, open it at Figma and get some inspirations and also you can plug in some use some UI elements which people have already created like icons or maybe some designs that you are fond of and you want to let's say make reference of it. You can check out the community and open the files in Figma. Okay. So after all that explanation like how do you actually create a design file and get started to create a prototype in Figma. So if you go to the top right of Figma you will see the create new button here. And if I click on it there's a lot of different types of options. So there's design file which is the one we're going to use which allows you to create a prototype. And the second one, a f jam board is basically for people to do brainstorm sessions to give comments and generate ideas. And the third one, slide deck, allows you to create presentations and save it as a PDF, JPEG file. Yeah. For you to present. So it's basically presentation slides. So the three of this, what's different is that the files that they save are pretty different. So the design file you will save it on a Figma file. A fig gem board you will save on a on a Fig Jam file and the slide deck you will save as a PDF or JPEG like any other percentage or you can go to import if you want to let's say you have an existing design from another Figma file. You have used Figma before or let's say you just want to import an image and work on it. You can import it. It supports like JPEG, PDF and also PNG and almost all file types. Okay. So I'm just going to create a design file here. Okay. So on default this is the Figma workspace the Figma editor right here. So right now it's all blank because we have not created anything. So before this all gets confusing and everything, let's just focus on the middle pitch black area here. So what this is basically the editing canvas. So if I let's say I just create a shape here and everything I created, it's going to be within the editing canvas. If I drag it all towards the side, you can see it's not going to go to the left or right panel. Okay. So at the side of it, we have two panels which controls the basic settings of the Figma editor. So we are just going to focus on the left panel right here. So the left panel consists of the layers and pages of the Pikma and I will dive deep into what layers are, what pages are later after we create the prototype. And also you can click on assets which you can get access to like libraries like the UI elements, the logos, the icons that I have mentioned in the community and also if you click on this logo you can check out the file settings and also like the shortcuts and stuff. Okay. And as for the right panel, so the right panel controls the settings of whatever you have selected and created. So let's say if I just create a square here, you can see that a lot of settings you can choose from to adjust and just change whatever you have selected which in our case is a square and I will also dive deep into it later after we create a prototype. So the right panel also allows you to share which I will cover by the end after we create the prototype and also you can preview the designs that you have created. Okay. So we'll focus on the bottom here which you can see a tool bar is floating there. I'll just quickly create something before we dive into what all the functions all the tools down there are. So, I will just show you guys how to navigate around in case you guys just like sitting there and listening to me talking all day. I'll just show you how to move around. Okay. So, if you are using a trackpad, which I am, if you just drag left and right on the trackpad, you will just pan the editing canvas and also up and down as well. If I pinch on the trackpad, it's going to zoom in and zoom out. So, if you say, "Hold on a second. If I use let's say a mouse, I don't have to track. How do I pinch and everything? So what you can do is if I press on the space bar, you can see the arrows, the cursor turns into like a small hand. So that is called the hand tool. So with the space bar clicked on and if I clicked on the trackpad or the mouse, it grabs the screen and it allows me to move the editing canvas however I want. And also just the basic controls of how to zoom in and zoom out in Figma. It's Ctrl minus for zooming out and Ctrl + for zooming in. Okay, so let's say I'm having a fun time like navigating around and oh every time I have to drag and like move everything in place. So it's not very convenient. So what I will do is I can press shift one. So what this does is to fit whatever you have created on the editing canvas to fit to your screen. So you don't you don't have to let's say you're in the other area you couldn't see anything and you don't know wherever the stuff that you have created is you can just press shift one to just bring everything back to your site. Yep. Okay. Now that you guys know how to navigate around I would just focus on the toolbar. Come back to here again. So this one is the one that I've selected is called the move tool. So it's basically I can just select stuff, move them, move them around however I like. And for the second one is the frame tool. So what the frame tool is basically allow you to create frames of mobile or desktop interfaces. So you can add like UI elements like pictures and squares inside of the interface. So that did so the frame actually represents the screen of your mobile device or desktop device. And the next one is a rectangle. If I click on the arrow, the down button, you can see there's a lot of stuff to choose from like you can create an ellipse, a polygon or a rectangle. You can also drop down image and video which I will talk about later. And so there is a pen tool which is very common especially in the Adobe software where it allows you to create the free form shapes and allows you to create unique shapes using vector elements. And the next one is text which allows you to type in and create text. And we have the command to Q. So what the command to is let's say someone has already created something and if I click on it I can write a command like let's say hey that's cool okay so when and I'm going to just publish this. So when people are navigating around and let's say you're working together they will see your comment and they're going to see what you're going to write what's your feedback on the prototype and everything. So, I'm just going to remove this. Yep. Delete this thread. Delete. Yep. And the last one allows you to control to see the assets that you have already created or from the community and also install some plugins and widgets. Okay, so that's a lot of talking. So I'm actually going to start creating a an interface for a mobile page. So what you can do is basically click on anywhere on the editor and then just drag it out. So you can create any size of the frame you want. You can just kind of drag it out and everything. But you might say that hold on a second. If I want to create, let's say, the interface of like an iPhone 16, I don't want to just drag it however I want. I don't want it to be whatever size. So, what you can do is actually focus on the