start creating a an interface for a mobile page. So what you can do is basically click on anywhere on the editor and then just drag it out. So you can create any size of the frame you want. You can just kind of drag it out and everything. But you might say that hold on a second. If I want to create, let's say, the interface of like an iPhone 16, I don't want to just drag it however I want. I don't want it to be whatever size. So, what you can do is actually focus on the right panel here, which there is a lot of presets to choose from. So, I'm just going to click on iPhone 16 and then it's going to create the exact size of what an iPhone 16 interface is going to look like. So, I can move this around and everything. So, if you realize when I'm starting to move stuff around, I'm I always click on the name of the frame because later on if you have too much stuff inside the frame, you're going to select something else and not the frame itself. Okay. So, I'm going to make more frames now. So what you can do is actually Ctrl C or command C if you are using a Mac and Ctrl V to create multiple or what you can do is actually clicking one and press the Alt key or option key on a Mac and then you can see your cursor kind of splitting into two and if I click on it and I drag it this will duplicate an exact copy of what you have selected. Okay. So I'm going to delete that. I'm going to doubleclick on the name of the frame just to rename it. So I'm going to call this home page and the second one the main page and the third one product page. Okay. So after you see that I've created I have something within the editing canvas. If you look at the left panel, it appears on the layers so that you can you can see the elements which one is on top of which and because they are frames they are they are kind of like folders which is basically if I let's say create a shape within it and I drag it out you can see it kind of creates a sub element under the homepage. So you can see that it's actually under homepage and not something else by itself which you can see it just comes out from the homepage. Okay. So I'm going to delete this square. And right now what I'm going to do is create a logo. So I'm going to click on the down button. I'm going to create I'm going to click on eclipse lips. And by holding down the shift tool I can create a perfect square. So it doesn't become like an oval or distorted. Okay. And I'm also going to choose the rectangle tool and then create a rectangle. So I'm not going to hold down the shift key because that will give me a perfect square. Okay. So on the right side, the right panel, you can see there's a lot of options to change and adjust, but I'll go through it one by one. So if you come here to the position, I can change the X and Y axis of it. Let's say I want it to be 70. It's going to move to the exact position to the one I keyed in. So I don't want that. I just want it to be center aligned, which I already did. And what you can do is basically if you hover over the square, you can see that there is like this round circles, like small ones. If I click on it and I drag it, it's going to round the corner radius of the square so it doesn't appear like very sharp and edgy. Or what you can do is actually go to here the appearance and under corner radius you can change it manually by typing the exact number and it will change. But let's say hold on a minute I don't want all of the corners to change. I only want some parts. So what you can do is if you look at the right side of the corner radius there is an individual corners an icon say individual corners and after I click that I can choose let's say I want right side to be 50. Yep. And it's going to be very different to the other edges. Yep. Okay. So, just going to quickly show you like how to get things aligned and everything. So, let's say I want to make it center, but let's say your Figma sometimes it doesn't snap to like the middle or anything. It's like it's slightly off center. So, what should I do? So what you can do is basically click anywhere with your cursor and then drag it until you see a blue box is covering and containing the elements that you want. And then what I can do is go to the alignment and click align horizontal centers and they will align perfectly center. And so I'm going to drag here and move it to the center. Now I'm going to create more shapes by clicking shift this time to create a perfect square. And you can see okay so right now it's like the gaps between the shapes are very uneven. So I want to make it even. So how can I do that? I don't need to actually adjust it till it appears like perfectly. You can do that but sometimes it's a hassle to do that. So what you can do is select everything again. Go to the right panel and position alignment. You'll see the three dots here. Click it and you can click distribute vertical spacing. Oh, because I have everything perfectly aligned. So it's not going to work. Let me just move this and try again. If I click distribute vertical spacing and everything, all the elements is going to have the same gap. Okay. So, I'm just going to delete this and delete this. So, I'm going to teach you guys how to create text in Figma. So, if I press T for the text. So, there's two ways you can create text in Figma. So, one way is that you can click anywhere and drag. You will see a box here and you can type anything you want. But the bad thing about this is that if I type in if type let's say I want a long text if it reaches the edge of the box it will just go to the second line and you will have to adjust the box again. Yep. So what I recommend you guys to do is actually get the text tool and just click anywhere on the canvas. So right now you will see a line just blinking and then no matter how much I type it's going to go on forever and it's not going to go to the next line. Okay, I'm just going to type something like logo and right now it's going to appear very small. So, what I'm going to do is to select the text, go to the right panel, and under typography, I can change it. Let's say I don't like that font, and I can just choose whatever I want. Let's say this one looks cool. And I don't like it to be too thin. I want it to be slightly thicker. So, I can choose bold and adjust the font size. Okay, so that looks good. And right now I'm just going to profile align them centered. And so let's say I want it to be all caps. But I because I didn't type in with my caps lock on. So it appears like that. So what you can do is you don't have to retype it. You can just go all the way to here, type settings under typography. You click on it and under case you will see an uppercase. If you click on it, it's going to change everything to the upper case. And if you hover over the other settings, Figma is going to show you what exactly they do. So let's say I hover this underline. Is it going to show It doesn't really show, but it is going to show you like what the effects are going to are going to be, but it doesn't show. You can just click on it and see what it does. >> Okay. >> So, you guys can play with it yourself and explore what all the options are. Okay. So, the text, as you guys know, like the box around it is not actually the text itself. Is actually a container containing the text. So