have duplicated from the component is affected by the main component itself. So, whatever changes you made to the main component will affect the ones you copied. So, but I can do something called overwrite which is by selecting this the child and if I double click on a field I can select a different color. Oops. Yep. I can select a different color and as you can see it doesn't affect the main component. Okay. So the next up I'm going to after you have created the interface and everything to however you like on Figma the design the design phase and what I'm going to do is go to the right side panel click on prototype and I can just hover over the buttons and I can see that there are blue circles over the button. So if I click on it, I drag on it, you can see arrows appearing. So what this does is let's say if I point it at the homepage, it what this says is basically if I tap on this button, the trigger, if I tap on this button, it will navigate to the homepage. And it will be an instant interaction. So let me just quickly show you guys how this works. So if I click on this page and I click on present. So it will just create a new window for you and to test out the your prototype that you have created. So if I click on it, yep, it's going to navigate to the homepage. So, I'm just going to go back into it and because the main component has made some changes. So, if I click on the other buttons that are copied and paste from the main component, you can see all the prototype lines, all of the buttons are navigating to the homepage. But I can override it by clicking on the arrow and drag it and point it at the product page. So that is how you can make different pages. You can navigate from a page to the second one. Yep. And under that. Okay. So now right here you can see there's something called a flow. So what the flow is that if I don't have anything selected and I click present, what it's going to do it's it's going to show it's going to start with that page that has a bit baggy. Come on. Yep. So it will just show that page with the flow selected. So right now you can create multiple flows. If I just click on this and click on another flow. So if I click on present again so let's say later on you will create like specific pages for like blocking. You just want to show people about a certain process like certain pages. You can assign a flow and click that flow so it starts from that page instead of the beginning. Okay, so that's one way to test out your prototype. The other way is that you can click on the arrow and you can go to preview mode. If I click on it, you can see a mobile view. The mobile is popping up and whatever changes I make let's say if I change this if I want to change the color I go back to design I want to change this color to let's say red yep so the preview is adapting and everything so you can kind of work on it and see how it works and if I click on it's going to be working and interactive as well like the present Okay. So after you have created your prototype, you have tested out and it works and you want to share it with other people, what you can do is go to the share button here. If I click on it, this setting will pop up saying where you want to share this file. What I can do is if I click on copy link and I'll just open up a sorry a new window actually I need incognito window and I'll just place the link here. So when people open up the link this is what they're going to see. So what you are sharing just now is actually the editor like the project you are working on. So people can make edits, leave comments, and make changes. And they can also pre preview it. But if you if the people you are sharing to doesn't have a female account, they are required to sign up and log in. Okay. So that's cool. But what if you only I'm sorry. So what if you only want to let's say share the prototype? You don't want to share the entire file and let people to make changes. So what you can do is I will go back here to the present mode and you can see here there's a share prototype button. If I click on it and I copy this link I will go back to the incognito mode. If I paste this link, it's only going to show people the prototype like the present mode, the preview and show us how your design is going to look like. People cannot make edits. Yep. And people are not required to sign in or log in to Figma in order to try out your prototype and give you feedback. Okay. So, I'm going to go back to here. Click on that again. So the other stuff you can do is basically you can publish the community and other people can get access to your files and also use it and also you can share it to the team. You can move it to the project. Select the team project and move it there so that people who join your team can also get access to the files without having to just copy paste the links to the groups or like individual people to get access to your files. Okay, so that's basically how you can work on Figma. How to make your first prototype, how to add shapes, text, and how to share your prototype with other people.