# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Figma (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

show you what exactly they do. So let's say I hover this underline. Is it going to show It doesn't really show, but it is going to show you like what the effects are going to are going to be, but it doesn't show. You can just click on it and see what it does. >> Okay. >> So, you guys can play with it yourself and explore what all the options are. Okay. So, the text, as you guys know, like the box around it is not actually the text itself. Is actually a container containing the text. So if let's say the box is like too big, too long and I want the logo to be in the middle. So what you can do is actually come here under alignment and click on align center. So it appears at the center no matter how much I expand the box and everything. So it's so it's always going to be at the center. Okay. So now that we have the look, we have the text, we have the shape. So right now I'm going to show you guys how to add images and pictures thank to Figma. So on your keyboard you can click control alternate K. Oh, it doesn't work. Oh, it's actually control shift K or command shift K on Mac. So, it will bring up your windows and your documents. And then if I go to pictures, I'm going to find the files that I need. Okay. So let's say I select this image and I click on open. So Figma is not going to just throw the image into the editing space. What it will do is you can see a small image that's below your cursor and you can drag it and just whatever size you want. And the other way to drop in an image is that you just open your file and then just drag the image in there. But what that will do is it will just fill the wall frame and it's it to its original size. I'm just going to delete it and then Okay, now that we have the image brought in, I'm going to show you guys how to quickly adjust or crop the image. So the easiest way to crop the image is basically you hover it and then right click and if you go on to frame selection it will just make the image a frame by itself. So it will just create a blue container around the image. It's not the image itself but it's a frame similar to the ones we have here. So, as you can see, if I drag it, it doesn't really affect the image because clip content is not on. So, if I click on clip content, it's going to crop the image. And let's say I want the corner radius, the bottom corner radius, I'm going to set it to 30 on the left side and 30 on the right side. And if I doubleclick on the frame, it will go in and select the image or whatever you have inside. And I'm just going to move it and scale it to the size that I want and show what I want. Oh, so if your cursor goes too much outside of the frame, it will just leave the frame. It will just detach from it. Okay. And that's the easiest way of how you can crop an image quickly. So the there's another way that you can do it is basically if you doubleclick on the image, this menu will pop up which you can adjust the exposure, the contrast and the saturation and other stuff just in case you didn't edit your image and you want to make changes. So under field you can click on it and you can click crop. So then you can crop the image manually. And this is kind of like the long way. So with the frame selection, that's the easiest way you can crop an image. So what I'm going to do is select the image, click on alternate to duplicate it to the next frame. Or what you can do is basically because I duplicated using the Alt key and kind of drag it in. So you can see it's not aligned. It's not exactly like the position it was on the first frame. So, I'm going to delete it. I'm going to click on this. Ctrl C for copy. And I click on the next frame. If I click Ctrl +V for paste, it's going to place it the exact position of where it was at the previous frame. Okay. So, I'm going to quickly duplicate this. I'm just going to create four of them and quickly select everything by holding the shift key and then just clicking on it. I'm going to resize it. Oh, I didn't select that one. So again, the shift key and resize it fit the screen. Make it centrally aligned. So with multiple objects selected and you hover it, what you can see is that there are this pink circles and what you can do is by dragging it to the other to the other items that you have selected, it will switch places and yeah it will switch places and it will not get distorted. It will just change places. And the next thing of what you can do is a button. So a button is very important for a prototype is because that it allows you to navigate to other pages from a certain page. So in Figma, you couldn't really just add a button. You have to create it using basic shapes. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to click on R, drag out a rectangle, and click on text. So I'm just going to type next. Next page. Going to adjust the size. So, I'm going to come down here. I'm going to change the fill. If I double click this, I can drag it and adjust the corner radius, maybe like 20, and add a stroke. I want it to have a weight of two. So if I select the text, currently it's a bit too big. I would want it to be smaller. I can just change the font size to maybe like 16. 16 is too small. I'll just choose like 20. Yep. And after that, what I can do is basically I drag this into the text into the button, the square. Yep. So right now the button is not very responsive. What I mean by that is that if I drag this square, it's not one thing. It's basically separate. The text is staying on top of the rectangle and it's not one component. So what I can do is select both of them and I can click control alternate K to create a component. So what a component is basically a group. But the difference between it and a group is after I duplicate the object and let's say after you have a lot of elements created and you receive feedback that it doesn't look good, you don't have to change everything separately. So what you can do is click on the component you have created. If I change it, let's say I change the color from red to white, you can see all of the instances you created will change according. Okay. So now with the button created, I'm going to go to layout and go to this icon here. Choose auto layout. So what auto layout does is basically make it responsive. So when I drag this, the text is going to stay within the cart. So right now it doesn't do that. What I'm going to do is go to the height, click on the down button, add the hot contents, and doubleclick it and go to the text within it. And with the width I'm going to click fill container. So right now you can see if I let's say resize the button the text is going to the text is going to change according to the size of the container. Okay. So, with all the text, with all the buttons selected, I'm just going to drag one here to the page and one to this page. Okay. So, because the stuff that you have duplicated from the component is affected by the main component itself. So, whatever changes you made to the main component will affect the ones you copied. So, but I can do something called overwrite which is by selecting this the child and if I double click on a field I can select a different color. Oops. Yep. I can select a different color and as you can see it doesn't affect the main component. Okay. So the next up I'm going to after you have created the interface and everything to however you like on Figma the design the