So hello everyone welcome for joining and my name is Zind. I'm part of the Adobe coaches here at the super Adobe hub and today I'm joined by beta who is the lead for design for change 2025. She is a senior lecturer in microbio biotechnology at will. I'm also joined by Carolyn who is also a senior lecturer in media and communication and today we'll be covering a Figma workshop. Okay. So first of all I would like to respectfully acknowledge the Burning people of the Ken nation sorry who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swurn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east and pay our respect to their elders past, present and emerging. I would also like to acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of lands across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. Okay. So on to the agenda for today's workshop. So at the beginning of this workshop, we would like to cover the introduction to design for change 2025 just as a refresher and reminder to tell people what design for change is about and what it's for. And after that we would like to introduce the simple Adobe hub how it can help students using softwares like the Adobe applications and also where they can seek help from. And after that we'll move on to the main agenda for today which is Figma. Figma is an application which allows people to create digital interactive prototypes with interfaces of desktops and mobiles. And we will show you how to log into Figma, how to apply for educational license, why you need to apply for educational license and how to build a prototype, how to create shapes, tags and finally after you have created your prototype, how you can save it and also share to other people to view and edit and okay so that's all for the workshop agenda. I would like to invite Beta to talk about the introduction to design for change. 2025. >> Thank you so much Jen. I guess I just if you can please come to the slide. A group of us academic from different disciplines. Thinking about how we can support our students to meet the requirements of industry needs. In fact making the bridge between academia all the knowledge your discipline knowledge and something that you might need with taking with you beyond your graduation. So design for change to is a one of the annual competitions under a program which is called shaping stem fuges. A group of us including myself Carolene Kelen Irene from Asarak we are leading on this program. So specifically for design for change we are looking if we go to the next slide what we are looking is a lot of the students they have this prototyping solution to the real challenge problem as part of their assessments. So what we think that this is or your product with the collaboration with industry partner or without like with your supervisors in your discipline. You might come from the design you have a website as a solution to facilitate you know an activity for your client or customer. So whatever it is that prototype whether is a physical prototype or digital prototype as a recommendation solution to the existed challenge that is what we are interested with the impact like if that has an impact which helping you know a client or industry partner to satisfy with something that they are looking in their workplace and they have a business side out of these. So if you create a 4minut video demonstrating your solution design solution and a prototype with the outcome and impact align with the vision which could be the vision that your industry have or it could be the vision that we have to make shaping a better world to live in or we have our industry partner which is the insurance company have a world a safer place to live and the other industry and community organization we have it's supporting women and girls in inspiring women and girls into the STEM any of these vision or your selected industry with a vision so if you target your design to be aligned with that vision then make the 4m minute video that is what we are f looking for the final product. So next slides so we also look for some sustainable impact. So of course we have a live showcase on Thursday week 13 and that is where we are going to invite the finalists of the selected 4minut video and we have the judger judging panel from Swimburn from industry from the community organization. We would love them to look at the quality of the 4minut video and your design. We would like to for you to be recognized behind the products that you created. And then of course we are going to have a winner and we are going to have a story about your journey to come with this solution and we are going to have a cash prize and some certificate of the participation align with some of the program that our employability team at Swimburn are running. And I guess with that if you have any concern, any questions on behalf of the team shaping stone futures we are open and we are passion to talk with you and discuss about your idea. So Caroline on behalf of Caroline Casteline and Irene we wish you all the best and I hope you enjoy the first workshop which is Figma. Thank you so much Caroline. Thank you so much for covering the rest of this presentation and I'm going to take off from Thank you. Have a safe afternoon. >> Terrific. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. So yes, so we've got a summary slide here that gives you further information. So, , if you're going to be participating, , and competing, you need to register for the, , event. So, we've got, , the Figma event, which is today. , you've got an Adobe Express video workshop on the 10th of April at 400 p. M. , and then startup pitch presentation, which will be in , May, early May. And so, you got to register for those. And part of that registration is that you submit a 300word maximum outline of your design idea to beta's email there by the 30th of May. And then your video submission, your fabulous 4-minute video on your startup for your design idea needs to be submitted by the 2nd of June. So plenty of time. So it's awesome. We're having this workshop today to start putting this thinking in motion. And then the competition itself showcases on the 5th of June on Zoom. And there's, as Bea said, there's some fabulous prizes there. $400 for the judge's choice and certificate of participation. So that's great. You get something out of it. , everyone's a winner when you enter. And then the story of the successful application or successful applicant will be published in the Swinburn newsletter. , so you've got lots of information there. And next slide. Thanks, Zenlin. Awesome. And contact details for beta her email there. So do just get in contact with her if you have any questions. Terrific. So I think that's our last slide from us. So we'll hand it over to you then Lyn and thank you for your fabulous introduction by the way. You did wonderfully. >> Thank you. Okay. So, right now I'm going to change the screen and I'm going to talk about as you guys know or maybe you don't know that Swimburn is actually the first Adobe creative campus throughout Australia. And what that means for you guys or me a student is that you can get access to all the Adobe apps like Illustrator, Photoshop, Premier Pro, After Effects, and so much more for completely free. If you log in to with your student or like Swimburn email account, you can get all these apps for completely free. But as we know, the Adobe apps are not like the easiest apps out there to use. It requires some learning to do and sometimes it gets frustrated and everything but don't worries because like Swimburn has an Adobe hub which us the Adobe coaches work there and we are there to support you if you have any issues any problems of how to use the Adobe applications. So what you can do is actually go to the Swimburn digital literacies, the Swimburn Adobe Hub website and if you come down here you can see book a coach. If you click that it will basically bring you give you two options which is a workshop and a drop-in session. So if you're a student, you can only book in a drop-in session which is a 30 minutes and you can ask whatever questions you want regarding Adobe