# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Figma (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

and we are there to support you if you have any issues any problems of how to use the Adobe applications. So what you can do is actually go to the Swimburn digital literacies, the Swimburn Adobe Hub website and if you come down here you can see book a coach. If you click that it will basically bring you give you two options which is a workshop and a drop-in session. So if you're a student, you can only book in a drop-in session which is a 30 minutes and you can ask whatever questions you want regarding Adobe software or you can just pop in at the library level three. We will always be there every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 11 to 2:00 p. M. Yep. So, but I think it's best for you to book in a drop-in session so that you don't clash with other people and then you don't get to ask your questions and okay, so that's basically it for the Super Adobe Hub and I think I'll just get started with the Figma workshop. Okay, I'm just going to close this. Yep. And so in to be able to begin using Figma, first of all, you have to go into figma. Com. It's not within the Adobe Creative Club. It's not part of an Adobe product. So what you have to do is that you need to go to the figma. Com and just click this get started for free and this box will pop up asking you to sign in. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to click I'm going to type in sorry, type in my student email. And if I click continue with email, it's going to ask for my password. And I think everyone's going to be the same for this. So, I'm just going to quickly type in Oh, sorry. Okay, if I click login. Oh, password is not correct. Sorry. Okay, should be working now. Okay, so after it successfully authenticated me as a student because I already have an account, it will bring me to the main page here. But if you don't have an existing Figma account, you would have to let's say create a password. Like after you type in your password, it will ask you to create a new account. And after you create a new account, you will have to select your student and key in the verification code that you will receive in your email from Figma. Okay. So now that you have your account logged in, what you have to do is that you have to go to is that you have to go to I think I will just quickly type in bigma. Comucation. Okay. So after you enter figma. Com/education, it will bring you to this page which is where you can get your educational license. So the reason why you want to get your educational license and not use your current one which is free of course but there is some limitations to it. So you won't be able to use like the professional features and there will be limited in sharing your projects and also creating like design files. So I encourage you guys to just use your Swimbun student account and register for a educational license. Okay. So because I have already registered my educational license, I'm just going to quickly log out and use another account that doesn't have it so I can show you guys what the form actually looks like and I can show you guys how to fill the educational form. Okay. And if I go back here, click on get verified again. Yep. And as you can see, it will show you bring you to this page which is get the free Figma educational plan for a classroom. So you're going to click student and it's going to ask you what institution do you attend or work for? You'll just click on higher education. And so he will just ask you some simple questions like what are you going to use Figma for? Why are you applying for educational plan? So I'm just going to quickly type in I have to use Figma or a university course. Okay. And we'll just click swimburn for the school name. Yeah. So make sure you actually select the super university of technology and not the Sarow campus. Yep. And you just go in and choose what the field of your study. If it's not placed in the drop-own form, you can just click others. Okay. So after filling in all the details, Figma will require you to add your timetable or class schedule or even a proof of enrollment like a COE so that they can confirm that you're actually the student studying at Swinburn and approve your educational license and they will also require you to put in your graduation date and after agreeing to the privacy policy terms and conditions and confirm that you are a student after you submit subitted, you will need to wait for Figma to approve to approve and that and to approve and give you the student the educational license. Sorry, they need to approve your account before you can get access to all the professional tools. Okay, so I'm just going to go back here. Sorry, I have to sign in again with my student account. Okay, perfect. Okay. So once you have successfully signed in you so this is the main page that you are going to see in once you open up Figma. So on default Figma is going to display the recent files that you have created because I have used quite a lot. So I have all the files displayed here the files that have opened up recently. But for you, it may be empty because maybe you don't have you didn't use Figma before. And you can Figma has suggestions of templates that you can select from at the top. But we're just going to leave this here for now. And we are going to focus on the left panel here. So on the left panel, if I click this, this shows like your account. You can check the themes. Let's say I think it's too bright on the interface. If I click on dark, it's going to change it to the dark team. It's better for my eyes. Okay. And then if I come down here, so Figma will create a team for. So what a team is actually if it's is actually a group which you can add people with a Figma account into that team and allow them to work on and collaborate on projects together. Okay. So under the team there are different options. So I'm just going to click on drafts. So what drafts is basically so if you create a file no matter what file you create it's going to go into a draft a design draft that you have not shared with anyone. So if I click on all projects you're going to see that there's a team project here which you can add people to your team and they can get access to the files within here. So in order to do that, what you can do is actually go to the right side, the top right, and click on the share button. And so here you can basically type in the person's email in order to share the link. And make sure you select can edit instead of can or else people are just going to look at your design and not be able to edit it. Okay, moving on. So the next one is trash. So what trash is basically you can just delete a project and it's not going to get permanently delete yet. So it's going to store here and in case you want to retrieve it, you can just come here and work on it. And the next one like admin is basically the same thing like the simple settings for you to like upgrade your plan or just invite more users to the team and other stuff. Yep. And the very bottom here like star is basically a favorite feature. So like if I go back into all projects and if I hover over the team project here you can see there's a yellow star here which if I uncheck it will just disappear from the start. But if I check it will just appear under there. So it makes it easier for me to get access to instead of just going into all projects and select it manually. Okay. Now we will check out this explore community. So Figma has a wide community which people will make designs and post it out. So you can check it out, open it at Figma and get some inspirations and also you can plug in some use some UI elements which people have already