# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

since my early days, , in the workforce. , and you know, I would just encourage, you know, women to just if you if the work environment condones sexism in any way, shape, or form, a it's illegal and it shouldn't be tolerated, and there should be avenues that you can go through to have that addressed. , and if that's not the case, then get out of there because there's a whole lot there's a whole lot of other places that you can go and work and do some amazing things and no one should put up with that sort of crap. >> Thanks, Marie. Just to add to that as well, for students in those positions, you can go to fairwork. Com. Au for advice. >> , so next question from Ashawara, which I really like this one. What is the gap between the skills students finish with their degree with and then what's required when they move into their first job? Is it do you have any insight on how to bridge that gap? >> I guess quickly. Can I answer this question just shortly? >> Yeah. >> And I want to say something about the previous question. So just bring these two together. So I guess we have for when you do the study as a students you just don't stay don't think that this is the only thing that you can do. Of course we have you know very great opportunity in the university. Let's talk about Swinburn. So there are too many activities as Maria mentioned you need to practice you need to involve in the volunteer job. So when you go for the you know when I when I apply for this position in uni in at Sunburn I have evidence of what I've done during my study. So during your study you can contribute in organizing the event you can contribute to get the certificate of the leadership. You can contribute to all of these opportunities that professional staff running like Daniel it's from the career employability so we have all of these opportunity for you so use of this opportunity to improve your skills and add to your CV so you have this you know as an evidence something that I want to actually emphasize about the women in the workplace I guess what I practice is during last years. It's about the emotional intelligence. As a woman, you need to believe in yourself. You need to believe that you can, you know, you need to be a flexible, but at the same time, you need to believe in yourself and you can manage your emotion. Don't take things personally. If you're talking with your managers, if you're talking with your colleague, whoever you know you think that you have an idea and you have a reason for that idea, just stay and professionally communicate. Provide your reason and be flexible to accept if your idea is not valid because of those reason that they share with you. So try to manage your emotion. This is the very important task for us as a women and we should not you know oh I heard this now I'm not going to follow my you know idea I have to stop and sit in my office please do not do that just you know stay strong and positive use of your mentors advices my mentors are male actually and they have a very good feedback to me when sometimes I get annoyed with some behavior or you know some you know what might happen in the real life. So I guess I just wanted to highlight the managing your emotion as a woman. It's a big task and please do that. Thank you. >> Thanks Peter. That's really great advice. Anyone Sarah's got a question here again a lot of the panel you've mentioned mentors. , can you give any advice on how students can maybe find mentors themselves? >> I'm happy to take that one. , well actually Maria reached out to me on LinkedIn. So that's how we met which is pretty cool and I think it's an amazing platform to be able to reach out. But also there's so many different ways that you can connect with people particularly really senior people. So, , one of the my most amazing mentors, she's incredible. Her name's Katherine Tanner. She's on the actually the COVID commission right now. She's on the Reserve Bank of Australia and she's the CEO of Energy Australia. And I never thought I would have someone like her as my mentor. , but it was actually a graduate in her company had heard about some of the work I'd done volunteering. , we'd just done one event for Power of Engineering. We hadn't really done anything. And he said, "I think that our director would be really interested in what you have to say. Are you okay if I send an email to connect you? And I thought, oh, sure, whatever. Nothing's going to happen. And from that one email, she said, "Yes, let's have a meeting and catch up. " And she was so willing to give her advice. And I'm always so impressed by how there are these incredible people in the industry that are so open to sharing their perspectives and really that advice. And so she's been my mentor for over eight years now. She's reviewed business plans. She connected us with our investor for our business. So, we were able to get angel investment funding for my startup as a result of that connection. So, mentors are super powerful. So, I think reaching out to people on LinkedIn, but also being really specific about what you're after. So, not just like, hey, you're interesting. Can I pick your brains? Like, hey, here's where here's what my goal is. Here's where I want to go. I'd love to know more about X, Y, and Zed. So, you're actually you've thought about it first and you're investing the I guess the time to think about how you want to engage with that person and what advice that you're looking for. But I think the biggest thing is actually having the courage to ask somebody. Because that often for me is the scary part is actually reaching out to these amazing important people and having you know some of their time but people are very generous and I think now's a really great time to reach out to people because a lot of people are at home they're wanting to connect and it's much easier to you know pop in a 30 minute Zoom chat with people. I think that people do often have a lot of time right now to connect. >> Thanks Felicity. And for students wanting to learn more about LinkedIn, careers and employability have workshops online for LinkedIn. So check that out at the website careers and employability swimburn. Does anyone else have something to add? >> Yeah, I'd say oh sorry go ahead Nicole. >> I was just going to add to what Felicity was saying. So, coincidentally enough, I well, aside from being a friend, but I also consider Felicity to be one of my mentors. , whether she's aware of that or not, I assume she is. So, the connection that we had was similarly I think I reached out on LinkedIn probably about 5 years ago now, but it was when they were starting Power of Engineering and me running Robo Gals at the time, I thought they were starting a competitive not for-p profofit. And so I reached out to have the shared connection and it turns out that not only were we not competitors, but we could actually complement each other quite well. So it was finding that common point of connection whether you think it's a positive or a negative at the time. It's just having that confidence to go out and reach out and I catch up on a regular basis and she's really helping me build my confidence in public speaking and building my public profile. So really enjoying those sort of mentoring. And in terms of finding mentors, there are official mentoring programs that you can look at participating in. I've had both good and bad experience through those mentoring. One in particular, we were paired up at random through while I was volunteering with Robo Girls and it was with a mentor group at PWC and we just got along so well that we still catch up three years later on a semi-regular basis and I just enjoy hearing about his work and what he's doing and in has the same interest in my career. So, it's just finding that point of interest that you can learn from each other because I think any good mentoring relationship goes both ways. You can help them as a mentee and they can help