# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

right decisions for our company. It was better for our company for me to step aside. So, I did yoga every day for two weeks and that really kind of kickstarted a bit of a mental health habit for me. So, I journal every morning. I write three pieces of gratitude. I aim to exercise where I can. I'm currently eight months pregnant, so it's a bit harder for me to exercise right now. So, I'm up I can walk in the morning and that's about it. But that's still really important for my mental health to maintain those healthy habits. And I'm okay with I guess not switching off because I love the projects I work on and I love what I'm doing. But I know that balance is really important for me. So I see a psychologist once a month. I had my appointment with him today over Zoom which was a bit different. But those habits I think are really important. So you've got to find what works for you. And I'm current I'm often tweaking them and adjusting them to see what works. And that's actually been quite a challenge for me being pregnant because those usual stress releases like going for a really good run, like I run half marathons. It's been challenging not to do that, but being okay with what can I do right now that's going to work that's going to have the same kind of effect as well. >> Yeah, >> thanks for sharing so openly and congratulations on the news. >> Fantastic. >> I just want to add something if I can, Daniel. >> Yeah, of course. I guess we are lucky to have a job that we love and I can hear from everyone that they are passionate about what they are doing. So I guess sometimes I struggle between different the diverse activity that I would like to be involved in all of them at the same time. So just balance your time between this activity. You know that this brain needs to function for you to be able to follow your dreams and you need to have a good diet. You need to have a good exercise. You need to have a good conversation with whoever is close to you and you need to spend time for something that you it's very important for you. So balancing with all of these it's your you know job in the weekly you know schedule that you have but don't forget to walk in the nature. I guess that is really I think it's very when I go to the for bushw walking I really feel relaxed and all of those anxiety and my do you know I don't know sometimes it works with the hormones I don't know so somehow it's make me feel relaxed so I can go back with the energy and I can work with the application or assessment or something or interview so I just want you just want to do your best and you want to do you want to be your best you know personality in your workplace in your study and just please if you're capable of doing things do not I always ask my students do not submit the report when you're capable of doing the best reports so spend time manage your time and yeah enjoy I think at the end of all of these activities that we are doing in our life. It's just enjoy what you're doing. Choose the right thing for you to enjoy of what you're doing. Thank you. >> Thanks, Peter. Final word from you, Maria. >> Yeah, I think you know the point about I don't I really don't like the word work life balance because I think it makes us all feel like we've just we can't do it. I prefer work life integration. And it's certainly something that I've struggled with through various parts of my career and I think sometimes, you know, you've got to recognize that you know, if you're going if you're going through a crisis at work and you know, thinking back to when we were making those decisions at Holden as to whether we were going to shut the plant and so forth, they're like massive decisions and there's just a lot of work. So, so there are peaks and troughs and sometimes, you know, you just you just need to put in the hours as hard as what it can be, but you do need to find that space afterwards where, you know, we were so, you know, to Felicity's point just running on adrenaline and didn't realize until, you know, decisions were all were all done and so forth that we just all crashed over that Christmas vacation. , you know, I think it is it is really important to find what the right thing is. You know I find I've personally found it was quite difficult when with young kids. My kids are older now but certainly that space where they were young where I was working in a global role had calls on sort of into the evening and trying to sort of manage that you know in a part-time role was quite difficult. So I would encourage everyone to particularly I think you know we have a lot of women who are high achievers and often think you can do more than what you can do. So you've got to say no sometimes and be confident to stand up and say that this is too much that I do need help and to ask for that help versus trying to do more and more of it which I've seen you know a lot of young women do throughout their careers. So, so it is really around taking stock, looking at what are those activities that you're working on. Can other people do some of those things? Are they the best utilization of your time? And really trying to sort of step back and taking that perspective. And it's not always easy to do. It's not always possible to do. , but you do need to kind of check in every so often. For me, I live near the beach and I love walking, you know, up and down the beach and love the water side of things. That's certainly my release. >> Thanks, everyone. It's been a real pleasure to get an insight into the industry here tonight. I guess maybe in the webinar I'm the only non-engineer in the group. So it's been great to learn a lot of your stories and to learn a lot about the engineering industry. And it's also always great to support the women in STEM club because I think it's really inspirational what they do and also what everyone on this panel is doing which is inspiring young women to follow their passion if it's in that STEM area. So thank you all. Sanduni, do you have anything to close with? >> , yes. Just I want to say thank you so much to all of our speakers for being part of this webinar and I think it's really important for even our club is about supporting all STEM students who are in university and there's a huge dropout rate mid their midcourses which is so sad because we put so much effort trying to get students into STEM courses and then there's this huge dropout rate and seeing other women in the work force and hearing your experiences and your insights is really important to show representation and to sort of pick out someone and being like I want to be like her one day. It's really important and it motivates and I feel so inspired having spoken to you all. So, thank you so much for sharing. To all of our participants, thank you so much for being a part of the webinar. I've posted in the chat a link to a survey. If you could all fill it out, please so that we can improve for next time. And we put the all your names into a random generator and Ashley, you have won the gift card, the lucky draw. Congratulations. , if you send me a DM, oh, I'll probably contact you. It's okay. Well, thank you to K Daniel from Careers and Employability for making all of this happen and to campus consultancy for sponsoring us. , that's all I have to say. Anything to add, Daniel? >> No, that's all good. Hope everyone has a good night. >> Yes. Thank you so much for being a part of the webinar. >> Likewise. Thanks for having us. Thanks for having us.