# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

for work life balance, I've got to say. , because between work and , you know, and , and doing a masters at the same time, there wasn't too much time left for anything in between. It's a little bit of a blur. So, , I was just married when we when I started that and , didn't have kids until after I was done with that and I'm kind of glad that I chose that timing actually in hindsight. >> Okay. Thank you. Felicity, would you like to go next? >> Yeah, sure. Well, I think I'm the least qualified person in this group. I did my degree and then I did a diploma of project management while I was at Brisbane City Council and that was great to be able to do something that I, you know, I was working as a project manager. So, it was really applicable to my role and it was fortunate that the council paid for that. And probably the biggest thing I learned from it was that I had been so trained as an engineer to think like an engineer. When I then went into a project management role, I was really biased towards the engineering parts of the project. And there was a lot of other things that I needed to consider. I need to think about the community impacts of our work. I need to think about budget and finance. I need to think about the schedule and keeping things on time and quality control. So it was really good to do some different study because then it opened up my mind to different perspectives and also the biases that I had because I'd been trained in that engineering mindset and I think the engineering mindset is super helpful and relevant for you if you're going to be an engineer and I think it helps in business as well and I love there's this great stat which is 34% of Fortune 500 companies and S&P 500 companies are actually engineers which is more than economic economists and it's more than people who have an MBA. So obviously that engineering training is really helpful and powerful but I think it's been also good to get different experiences like the diploma of project management. And I've done some other leadership courses which have been short courses. I've done all kinds of things like a two-day workshop at Naiddera on TV presenting which was really fun and also taught me a lot of other skills which has certainly helped me with public speaking and being a communicator as well. So I think you know you can open your mind up to other study not just degrees and qualifications but if there's something you want to pursue and something you're passionate about particularly communication I think and leadership are such powerful tools in any career there's a lot of opportunities where you can explore some other courses I actually did the Naido one twice because I loved it so much and I would highly recommend it. >> Thank you Felicity Beta. Would you like to go next? Yes, sure. , I was thinking about your question and it's just remind me of the journey that I had to come to Australia. So I came to Australia when I did not had a chance to speak in English before I immigrate to Australia. So you can imagine my challenge when I came here and of course because I'm very passionate about learning and teaching. So when I was in high school, I was asked by my f friends to teach them about the complicated topic that they didn't able to learn in the class and they told me that I'm able to simplify the complicated topic for them to be more understandable. So I was inspired by feedbacks. But I just want to explore my life to find out who I am. What do you want to who I want to be in future and based on my ability and based on my opportunities and based on whatever it's coming to my life. So I came here and obviously the first thing that I started I wanted to my research and then my PhD. So I just wanted to let you know that it was totally different experience for me to just start talking in English and having the PhD in English. It was a big challenge sometimes. And I knew that if I want to compete with my friends that I love them. So I really need to work hard but at the same time I believe in myself and I believe that I should follow my dreams. So I work hard during my PhD. I work as a sessional teacher in the department. I collaborate on different activities with my and I really want to say my mentors are the big I think there are very critical important to for the person I am now and for the position that I am holding now. So everyone should have a right mentor and I guess yeah the transition from immigrating to Australia and then from being a resident in Australia to start a to study as a PhD and then from PhD to an academic in a university in Australia are three main steps. And I learned a lot from what I've done and yeah I guess of the great advices from my mentors. >> Okay. Thank you so much VA. Nicole would you like to go next? >> Yeah sure. So when looking at career pathways and I guess the professional qualifications that was we discussed earlier my I did complete a bachelor of science and a masters of engineering. The reason for doing that as I chose Melbourne I was the first year of the new Melbourne model which means that it's a bachelor degree plus a masters to get your engineering qualification. So to me the higher education degree was just the normal degree that I was that was necessary for me to become an engineer. However, when I was deciding what mast's engineering or master's degree to actually complete, there was a few different options that were available, one was a masters of engineering straight and one was a masters of engineering with business. And I guess I wanted to take the opportunity to highlight that all your learnings don't necessarily have to come from the formal education side of things. There's a lot that you can gain from experience. So I ended up choosing a masters of engineering plain and simple without the business. And the reason being that at the time I was working and volunteering in the not for-p profofit robo gals and gaining a lot of vital or very or very usable business skills through my volunteering work. So some people on this call you may have had volunteering experiences with different outreach organizations with local community groups and all these skills can really help shape the person that you are. And I can 100% say for sure that I would not be where I am today without that experience I gained through volunteering. So in terms of how I've got into the position I'm in today and was it what I expected in some ways it is. , and I'd say a lot of people wouldn't tend to say yes to that question, but I always I came out of university or I started university wanting to become an engineer. And through my work in volunteering, I always had a very strong passion for encouraging women in engineering, but also for the global nature of business, the global nature of the world in which we live in today. If you go back 20, 30 years, I'd imagine that we wouldn't be as connected as we are with the world in that we are in today's world. So to me, working for a big company like ACOM is always where I pictured myself being. And I'm just I love the opportunity to work with people across different countries, AC from different cultures, learning about their the challenges that they face and seeing how we can work together. So, I have really built up my career thus far to what I'm hoping it to be. , but looking to see what I can do in the future to make more of an impact. >> Okay. Thank you so much. , Daniel, would you like to continue onwards? >> Yes, I will. So, you're all very well decorated in your careers and very established. , if you can take us back to that transition from your studies or from university into the workplace, do you have one just one tip for students in regards to making that a successful transition from university to work? Maria? >> Yeah, certainly. I think respect the experience that's within the organization because you can learn so much from lots of different people.