here. >> Thank you. That's amazing. , VA, would you like to please go next? >> Okay, good. Yeah, I a bit struggle with my internet connection. Sorry about that. So, my story is a bit different from all of these fantastic , you know, , stories. So, I immigrate to Australia just 10 years ago. So, I'm coming from , my home country, Iran. So I guess I start with what I've done from when I immigrate to Australia. So I did my PhD in school of science in the chemistry biotechnology department and then I appointed with the lecture position right after my PhD. So I was lucky to come to have this position in the same department that I did study and I really enjoy it and I guess now swim my yeah Australia my home country and Swimburn it's also home I don't know it's somehow I feel like I'm really connected to Simb and I feel really connected with them especially if you are international students. So recently like not I mean for the last three years I am also appointed with the six deputy academic director student engagement working with Angela Carboni Franu and Keslan to see what we can do for she beta are you there? , beta, can you hear me? >> Sony, could you please go ahead? So, I need to use off my backup. >> Okay, sure. Sure. We'll continue. Okay. Well, thank you so much for every everyone to for introducing yourselves. , we can move on to our gen general questions. Daniel, would you like to begin? >> Yes, I'll go first. So, , thanks for all of your insights. It's really good to hear everyone's story. , there's obviously lots of passion for helping young women develop in STEM, which is really exciting. So, my first question is, what is the best part of your current job or jobs or businesses? And also, what is the most challenging dayto-day? Maybe start with you, , Maria. We'll go down the order. Certainly I think the most rewarding part of my role is re really bringing you know a diverse group of people together who are working on sort of different parts different jobs but just helping them understand how it all fits together. And I suppose one of the things with ALS is we have a lot of our technicians working on sites you know on their own or in small groups. So it's quite different, you know, in those sort of consulting environments where you're sort of everyone sort of scattered. So, so it's quite different to having everyone sort of under the same roof you know, as you would with a traditional business. So I would say that's you know that's also probably the biggest challenge engaging staff when they're not in the office and particularly our technical guys start from start from home and end at home basically. So we don't often see them in the office and certainly with co 19 we've got additional challenges there where we're where we're just ensuring that we don't have too many people in the one place obviously. So you know so with that you know really just trying to keep thea engagement up by ensuring we've got enough forums for them to engage broadly with the business to understand what else is going on because they can only see sort of a small part of what's happening within their roles and really helping them connect in. So for the technicians to get a better understanding of say some of the advanced technology that we're rolling out and how that can work how that can help them in their roles and also you know what our engineers are doing and how that can help them with their roles as well. So really just trying to you know to connect those dots and just to make sure that people feel connected when they're not working in the same place. It's certainly the biggest challenge in this current role. Together with you know I really don't understand a lot of the technical stuff that we do. So being quite new into the organization and I and I don't need to because I've got you know fabulous technical people around me. But it certainly is a challenge because I don't come from an inspection background and a lot of the work is highly technical you know quite you know standard specific and so forth. , and I've deliberately, I suppose, avoided trying to get into the details of that because I don't need to get into those details in my role. So, so it's really being able to, you know, ask enough questions to understand what's going on and to be able to add value, but not to feel like I need to sort of get into, you know, every minutia detail. So, trust the people in our team to actually execute on the detail, which they do fabulously. >> Awesome. What about you, Bea? Did you hear the question? Yes. Okay. So, I guess if I want to answer to your question, Daniel, the best part of my job is my ongoing learning journey which I started when I was five years old. So now I still having this opportunity to work as a lecturer in the school and having all of these young people long students coming and to the you know university going to the orientation feel like you are one year older but still students coming with same age. So and how you can encourage them, inspire them to the science. This is the best part of my job and I guess if I want to answer the most challenging for me personally is I try to understand how we can engage non-engaged students. So this is my challenge. So because I guess we all know from the survey data that about% of the students or less than that. So there are mission and especially as part of the student engagement we really would like to find out what can works for a student so we can address those and we can share with our colleague in the I don't know if I am a trouble here I'm happy to just be silent I just go for one more practice and if it doesn't work. I don't want to deserve the meeting. >> Okay. But we do want to hear your insight. So, yeah, see if you can get it working. >> All right, Nicole. >> Thanks, Daniel. , so when I'm thinking about the best part of my job, having I still classified as recently changed companies, I think the best part of my job is just the constant challenges that I'm facing. So moving to a large company like ACOM, the projects are of quite a large scale which is really exciting. And at the moment I'm working on, as I mentioned, a new commercial high-rise tower of concrete for Melbourne. Now when I think about what I've been actually doing for the last, say, four months, I've been designing concrete floor plates. And while some people might see that as entirely repetitive, every day there's new things that I'm learning. Similar to what Beta said, there's new things that I'm learning. There's new challenges that I have to overcome. It's the problem solving. Like Felicity was saying, it's okay. Well, what's more efficient? What's constructible? What do I have to consider when I'm doing this? Who can I talk to? So, for me, I just love the challenge that's associated with the engineering problems that we face, which is I guess leads into what's the most challenging part of my job is at the moment at the early stages of my career, it's the technical Having been three years this I think this is my yeah this is my third year out of university. It becomes there's a there's a lot that you learn on the job and there's a lot that the workplaces do that's different. So for me most challenging part is just the constant learning curve that's in front of you when you enter into the workplace. But it may be challenging but it's also one of the most exciting things that you can do. >> Awesome. Thanks Felicity. I can definitely relate to all the points everyone shared already and I was really surprised actually to be like to work as an engineer and then realize actually how creative the role is and I think that links in really well with the problem solving and one of the most rewarding things about my role at the moment is I get to be really independent in my work and I get to figure out there's you know this problem that we have we need to get industry partners we need to find projects how do we do that and often I'm