# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

in the future, there was a great report that was done last year by Ford Deacon and Griffith University called 100 jobs of the future. If you just Google that, it comes up with a really great website which actually gives you some examples. So, it starts to kind of paint a picture of what these future jobs could look like. And you can even do a little quiz and it can give you some examples of what jobs might suit you best. But, , no surprises that pretty much all of those jobs are going to require some kind of science or math skills. And the Foundation for Young Australians has done a lot of reports on this as well. And I find these reports really fascinating because it really again helps you paint that picture of where could you use that STEM qualification and kind of also the adaptable nature of the future of STEM. So obviously people in these professions are designing our world. So it's really important that we have people that represent it designing it. And like Maria said, things like car design, flu vaccines, and air conditioning are all based on male physiology or male, you know, shapes and sizes. So, it's important we have women and all kinds of people that are designing our world. And it's almost like you don't even realize that it's not that there's that data gap in the gender in the design until you start really exploring and investigating it. So I think it's really important to have women but yeah like Maria said not just one woman a whole like you know at least three in the team and there's lots of research on this as well that companies are more profitable they're more innovative they have better staff retention so I'm yeah I'm very passionate about it I'm like come on why aren't we there yet it's time I'm ready >> okay thank you so much for your insight , Nicole, would you like to go next? >> I think a lot of what I was going to say has already been said, but just to summarize, as Felicity was saying, STEM graduates are employed in a whole range of different industries. If I even look at my friendship group from university, I did a masters of structural engineering and now work as a structural engineer. I've got friends working in transport planning. I've got some working in aeronautics and airspace and airport planning. I've got some that are designing new railway systems. I've got some that are working in furnaces of all things. Furnace engineering is a field in itself. And they can range to consulting to risk analytics to data processing. There's such a broad range of skills or broad range of industries that employ STEM graduates. And I think the key and why STEM is so important is the problem solving. H having experience in science, in technology and engineering and maths is all about being given a problem or even finding the problem in the first place and then looking at ways and innovative think ways of thinking to solve that problem. So it's all about working together as a team, a lot of collaboration, but finding identifying the problem and then finding a solution. And that's just something that's common across a lot of industries and hence why it's important. And as Felicity said, we live in a very diverse world and our workplace should reflect the world in which we live in to be able to make decisions that are well informed from a gender standpoint, from a cultural standpoint, even from an age standpoint. We need to make sure that all these different types of diversity are considered in decisions. And that will then have the positive outcomes of more profitability, a higher happiness at work and a greater sense of achievement. >> Thank you so much for that. Thank you all of you for all of your insight on all of your experiences. We will end it there for the panel discussion just for time issues, but there we have lots of questions in the chat. , we'll start off with Jackie. She says, "What recommendations do you have for students of STEM? " , I'm thinking any advice you can give to students of STEM in university. , Maria, what did you want to go first? >> , I would just say try and get as broad an experience as you can get. Through your studies because it'll it'll give you an idea of what you like and what you don't like. To Felicity's point, previously I've done plenty of jobs that I'm like, I'd never do that again. And without trying things, you don't really know. So, it's on the same boat. Be prepared, back yourself to try new and different things. And give it a go and have the confidence that you'll be able to work through it because you've got the training to be able, you know, to be able to solve problems. So I think the confidence piece is absolutely critical for women to ensure that they are they are comfortable and feel you know feel confident in backing themselves but try lots of different things and really speak to talk to people you know talk to older people like Felicity I didn't know any engineers when I started I had no idea what I was getting myself into and you know the more you can I can encourage younger people to reach out to people you know who are in areas that you're interested in It's so easy to pull people up through LinkedIn and most people are amazingly generous with their time. Have the confidence to reach out. You know what? If some people don't respond, that's okay. But mostly people will. , so take advantage of that. Reach out, ask any questions that you've got and learn from them. >> Thank you so much for that. And Jackie also has one other question we might add in and then go through the speakers. She asks, "Have you ever experienced sexism in the workforce? And if so, how did you respond? " >> Maria. >> Yeah. Yes. On more than one occasion. It's not and this is look this is going back I suppose to the early parts of my career. , you know, I did work experience at Ford at the time and, you know, there were there were pictures up in workshops and so forth that really shouldn't be there in terms of, you know, we're going back now to sort of ' 90s. , so, you know, very much a male-dominated area and the status quo and what was acceptable and wasn't acceptable. , you know, it was clear clearly a lot of nonacceptable stuff was going on. So, I vowed that I'd never work in that plant again. You know we had female students coming through the plant wolf we sort out as they were going through factory tours all sorts of weird things like that so I so I stayed away from that environment and I think the and similarly I think you know my first boss at Holden was like I didn't choose you I wouldn't have chosen you and this is like day one you know started on the graduate program was really excited I'm like oh here we go so you know you do get some and you know that wouldn't happen quite as overtly these days. , you know, through to through to, you know, that same person saying to me that, you know, he if he had if he was to choose between myself and somebody else, he would pick with similar skill sets, he'd pick the male because, you know, they won't go off and have children and leave the workforce, you know, as a direct conversation. , so he did, you know, in the end promote me, , and was a was a huge sponsor of mine and, you know, we had a shouting match about that whole experience at the time. , but I think, you know, I just wouldn't advise, you know, staying in an environment, , you know, I'm I'm hoping there aren't environments like that now. I certainly haven't seen anything like that, you know, since my early days, , in the workforce. , and you know, I would just encourage, you know, women to just if you if the work environment condones sexism in any way, shape, or form, a it's illegal and it shouldn't be tolerated, and there should be avenues that you can go through to have that addressed. , and if that's not the case, then get out of there because there's a whole lot there's a whole lot of other places that you can go and work and do some amazing things and no one should put up with that