# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

to make more of an impact. >> Okay. Thank you so much. , Daniel, would you like to continue onwards? >> Yes, I will. So, you're all very well decorated in your careers and very established. , if you can take us back to that transition from your studies or from university into the workplace, do you have one just one tip for students in regards to making that a successful transition from university to work? Maria? >> Yeah, certainly. I think respect the experience that's within the organization because you can learn so much from lots of different people. My first role was in was in a factory in that manufacturing space. So a lot of interaction with operators, production line staff, maintenance personnel and so forth. And I certainly learned a great deal as being part of that team. So, and you know, I think and you did say one tip and I think second tip is that you probably won't use a lot of what you learned at uni depending on the on the role that you move into and just be prepared to continue to learn. You know, uni courses cover like a lot of breadth but not in very much detail and depending on the roles that you move into you know, there'll be a lot more detail whether it's technical or not in the area that you're that you're moving into. So, so be prepared to just be a continual learner through your journey and don't be afraid to ask questions and to reach out to people within the organization. And I think as I think as be as beta mentioned, you know, do not at all feel hesitant in reaching out for reaching out to somebody who you respect to act as a mentor for you because it can certainly help you know in those early days really understand what the organization's like. >> Thanks Maria Ba. Oh okay. So following what Maria mentioned, I believe at least in my experience, this professional networking was a very big deal for me when I trans when I finish my study as a PhD student. So and the For me this meant from my mentors and I guess if I want to consider something the right communication with the right the right people who can in who can deal support you with what you is very important. Thanks, Peter. Nicole, >> I had a I guess a different experience to a lot of people where, as I mentioned, I did have a cadet chip through my university degree. So, I was fortunate to receive a cadet chip when I finished high school and I worked for the same company all throughout my university degree and then for two years after I graduated. So the transition into the workplace for me from a company perspective was nothing that I wasn't I hadn't experienced before. I knew the people, I knew the team and I knew what to expect when I came in. But one thing that I think a lot of people don't consider is it is a big shift moving from a university mindset into a workplace mindset. Typical workplaces have your 8:30 to 5 or 9 till 5 working hours and then you sign off to head home. I know I'm noticing at some of the larger companies those hours or it can be more flexible and I think the situation we're in now with co hopefully we will see more flexibility and work hours moving out of it which I think will be a fantastic thing but for a young engineer moving from a university to workplace it's getting into a balance and a routine that suits you. So for me it was making sure I had time to exercise, making sure I had time to spend with my partner. The volunteering was still important to me. So finding time for that. So moving on to the workplace, it's about reassessing what you're really passionate about. Working is one part of your life, but is not your whole life. So looking at diversifying what you're interested in doing to what suits you and that includes taking care of your own mental well-being. And I struggled for the first 6 months in switching off from work when I left. And it's finding those tricks that help you. So for me, it was doing exercise in the morning, started my day, and then when I got home, it was having a 10-minute debrief with my partner as to what he did today, what I did today, and then we could move on as per normal. So, it's finding those little things that will really help you transition from that university mindset to a workplace mindset. >> Thanks, Nicole. That's really insightful, Felicity. >> Yeah. So, I had a bit of a different experience again. , there are no engineers in my family, so I had no idea what engineering would be like. I really didn't actually know what it was at uni either. And I did, it was great doing some work experience while I was at uni. So, I worked on a construction site as a site engineer and that was really helpful. , and it kind of showed me that I didn't really want to go work in construction. I my reasoning for my decisions is was quite funny looking back on it, but I saw the kind of pay that you would get versus the number of hours. So I thought consulting was going to be a better option because they seem to get paid similar or about the same and the hours appeared to be less on in the contract on paper. So I sort of made a list. I said I wanted to work at a big company that had lots of variety so I could move around and try lots of things. There was a couple other things. I can't remember them now, but that kind of molded my decision. And it was right before the global financial crisis. So I ended up getting offered four or five jobs. And so I really, it was amazing. I got to choose where I wanted to go. And I ended up choosing a consulting company. And I remember when I went in for the interview, they looked at my academic transcript and they said, "You performed worse in the worst marks you got were in structural engineering, so we're going to put you in the structural team so you can improve. " And I at the time I thought that's really strange but I didn't question it because I didn't really know. I thought okay maybe this is what happens at work and I went into the structural team which was terrible for me because I am such a people person and I love I love project management being a leader but I thought oh well this manager must know so I'm going to go be a structural engineer. And it was a really challenging role for me because I thought from that role that engineers sat at their desk all day and did calculations and to be a good engineer I kind of had to pretend I was good at maths and good at doing calculations even though it was very hard for me to do that role. I ended up actually getting made redundant because then the global financial crisis happened and I went into project management. So it was a bit of a blessing in disguise. But if I look back on that tr transition from uni to work, what I wish I had done was being really confident in my strengths and my abilities and we need all kinds of people to be engineers. We need people who are really good at the detailed calculations and we need people who are great communicators. So I think really understanding your strengths is really powerful and being okay to share that with your new manager. Like I wish I'd said to the person that meeting, I actually hate like hate the detailed calculation and I would have saved myself two years of sitting at a desk doing those calculations and just pretending that I was, you know, trying to be good at it. And I think your manager is also important. And I have had good managers and I've had bad managers. And sometimes it's hard to tell from those initial interviews if your manager is going to be supportive or good or not. And that was probably a red flag in that meeting. I wish I'd sort of gone, ah, maybe I should rethink this role. But even if you do have a bad manager, there's still lots of things you can do. I have so many mentors and so many people that can help and support me. So if you do get a bad one, that's okay.