# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

within the university. On the board side of things, I'm involved in with women on board. Who similarly try and bring women together in the board space to try and you know open and build those connections through. So I think it's around sort of looking at what areas you're interested in and there's there's you know there's lots of different groups that you can that you can join. I do also have also been involved in both in leading and in being a part of a lot of diversity type groups within the organization that I've worked in which are I think also very powerful in terms of you know being able to bring women together particularly if you're working in organizations where there's where there aren't very many women from different departments to actually share experiences learn from one another and build those networks both cross offices, cross borders etc. There is also a group national women in operations which is also and I act as a mentor in that space but that is you know very much around supporting women who are in operational roles where there's often only one or two women in the in the organization. So how do you actually build up that network when there aren't those women around you know in at your level you know doing similar things to you? That's really around sort of trying to build that up you know more broadly. >> Thanks Maria. Anyone else want to add to that? >> I think for me it's if there is someone you can be an ally by supporting other people. You know, you're not in competition. We're all wanting to work together to grow the pie of women in engineering or women in STEM. And there's been so many amazing mentors that I've had that have helped me that I've been so grateful for. So if someone asks me like if anyone on this chat reaches out to me on LinkedIn I would encourage you to do so and says hey have you got 15 minutes you know to have a quick chat then I always you know say yes to those catchups and for me it's sort of what can I you know do for other women. So I think it's that supporting other women. And it could be something simple like a shout out on LinkedIn or thinking about you know a recommendation or asking the question how can I help you in a catchup and I think that's a question that we don't ask enough of is how can I help you and I love it when I have conversation with mentors and I ask them how can I help you and it's surprising that there are actually ways that you could even help your mentor out. So I think it's about yeah supporting each other where we can. I'll add to that as well, Daniel, if I could. And I suppose this is something that I've personally experienced and others may have as well. But when we're talking about, as Maria said, not just having one person, one woman in the room, but having more. And myself, I've suffered from if I'm the only woman in the room, I'm more confident to speak up. I feel that being the only woman, I have a point of difference. And therefore, my what I'm going to say is worthwhile saying. And there have been times where I've been in meetings and there's one other woman and it's a it's a mental challenge for myself going, "Oh no, she's going to judge me. I'm not going to speak up because she may not agree with me. " Of course, she might not agree with me. She's a different person. She has different experiences. And it's something that I've I'm very aware of now. And making sure in meetings that I use that experience and I use that realization in myself to encourage other women to speak up. If there's a meeting where I notice it's being dominated by males, even if I personally haven't said anything, I'll be sure, okay, Felicity, have you got something to add to that? And a lot of the time it's just giving other women confidence that I actually want to hear what you have to say. So that can happen in social groups as well as in workplaces, but it's being aware of how you're reacting or how you're feeling in different situations, knowing that other people and in particular other women may be feeling the same way. And then just thinking, oh, if someone actually asked me what I thought, I'd really appreciate that. So, that's something that you can do for other women. >> It's really inspirational. Thanks for sharing. We've got about five minutes to go. Sandun, do you have any more questions there? I think the last question is how can unfortunately we didn't have enough time to split everyone into breakout groups so that people could have a bit more of a personal connection but someone's asking how can they contact you to reach out and ask any other questions they might have >> simil similar to Felicity I'm quite happy for anyone to reach out to me through LinkedIn. That's probably the easiest tool. So, connect up and you know, we're all working from home at the moment. So, so as Felicity said, it's kind of it's a nice distraction actually to kind of get away from your laptop and have a conversation with someone that's not work related that's not workrelated directly. So, >> more than happy to take any questions. Sorry. >> My work meetings. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Completely agree. LinkedIn's the best way to contact us. >> Awesome. I'll ask one more question from Ashley. So, are you able to switch off after work or do you find that there is still work that needs to be done outside of the workplace or I guess you know that 9 to5? Do you have any tips on that and maybe how to best handle it from a mental health point of view as well? >> I'll jump into that one first if I could. Daniel, I think I touched on this before when I was answering a question, but for me, I've come to realize that at the end of the day, when I get home and I see my partner, I just need 10 minutes of his time to debrief everything that happened that day. It comes out just blurting out everything that's happened, the ups, the downs, the highs, the lows, and I need that just to be able to center myself and come back to a point where I'm relaxed and I feel that, yep, okay, I can close out the day and then move on. So, it's something sometimes he appreciates it, sometimes he doesn't, but he's very supportive of knowing that's how I need to process things. So, it's taking the time to realize it may be your ride home from work, it may be going for a run, it may be watching some TV, playing a game on your phone. It's just figuring out how you switch that balance. But to me, I'm finding it quite easy now because I know what my mechanism is to switch off. , and I use it each day even in the working from home arrangement which is still working. >> That's great. Thanks, Nicole. >> Felicity, Maria or beta. >> Yeah, I can jump in. , I used to I would feel guilty about not switching off which is like even because I'm someone who does a lot of different things and I love variety and I love being challenged and I'm definitely someone who falls into the trap of being busy. So, it's something I really have to monitor. And probably maybe like three or four years ago, I experienced burnout and had really bad experience with my mental health. I'd never experienced it before with anxiety and that was a real wakeup call for me. So, I ended up having to take I was running my own business full-time. It was super stressful. I was looking after our sales and I ended up having to take two weeks off because I realized I couldn't actually make the right decisions for our company. It was better for our company for me to step aside. So, I did yoga every day for two weeks and that really kind of kickstarted a bit of a mental health habit for me. So, I journal every morning. I write three pieces of gratitude. I aim to exercise where I can. I'm currently eight months pregnant, so it's a bit harder for me to exercise right now. So, I'm up I can walk in the morning and that's about it. But that's still really important for my mental health to maintain those healthy