# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

Welcome everybody. Thank you so much for all making it and thank you so much to all of our speakers. We really appreciate you all being able to come on to this webinar and speak with all of our members. Thank you to Swimburn Careers and Employability Daniel for collaborating with us and helping all of this happen. And also to campus consultancy who are sponsoring us and there is a lucky draw prize which will be picked at random at the end of the event which is a $25 Uber Eats gift voucher. I if we go to the next slide yeah just acknowledgement of country on behalf of those present I acknowledge the Wandererie people of the Cooland nation who are the traditional custodians of land on which we now meet. I pay my respects to the elders past, present, and emerging. I also pay my respect to the Aboriginal and toouristrate islander people of Australia and hope that the path towards reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. So now I'd like to introduce our speakers for today. If you all could give a small introduction, tell me tell everyone of what your current job is and what you studied in university, that would be great. Starting off with Maria. Would you like to start? >> Oh, good afternoon everyone. , thanks for having me. So, , first of all, I just a minor correction. My background is mechanical and manufacturing engineering. Not quite civil, but that's fine. , and I currently work within ALS Global, which is an ASX00 inspection and testing business, and I manage Victoria for the asset care division. So I look after a team of about 50 people here in Victoria across Melbourne and Teralen and a combination of a cross-disciplinary engineering team and also technicians who do inspection and testing work on various sites across power, mining, oil and gas you know really quite sort of diversified customer base. So, a little bit about me. I studied mechanical and manufacturing engineering at Melbourne Uni a very long time ago, over 20 years ago. And since also completed my MBA at the Melbourne Business School about five or six years after I finished my undergrad degree. I also did a maths major in my science degree in my undergrad. Have worked for most of my career in non-technical areas. I've spent most of my career within General Motors here in Melbourne with Holden and in Singapore with our international operations and I've worked across manufacturing running engineering teams in manufacturing operations in manufacturing spent a couple of years in finance where I really sort of learned you know all about P&Ls and how all that works and then moved into sort of planning and program management led that team in Australia for am worked for the managing director here in Australia in sort of a 2IC type role. I led communications for a while there as well for Holden and then worked in Singapore for three years leading planning for the region. Which was a lot of restructuring and a lot of work with BA across Asia Middle East and Africa. So I've been at ALS for about six months now. So completely different, nothing to do with automotive but still an engineering organization. And I suppose what I've you know learned through my time is you know the skills the skills that you learn through your engineering course around how to make good decisions, how to use data and how to really problem solve you know really work well in many different environments. And for me this was this is a real step for moving outside of the automotive sector because I wanted to come back to Australia and not much going on in Australia in auto and you know really looking at a different sector. So it's been it's good fun. It's nice to try something totally different. I don't know a lot about any of the technical stuff but I've always been in roles where I've where I've led technical people. So I know enough to ask enough questions and can understand those technical answers which helpful in technical organizations when you're managing when you're managing engineers. That's amazing. Thank you so much for that. >> , next, Nicole, would you like to go introduce yourself? >> Yeah, sure. Thanks very much. , so, hi everyone. My name is Nicole Brown. I currently work as a structural engineer at ACEOM. I graduated from University of Melbourne in 2016 from a master's of civil engineering or structural engineering and completed a bachelor of science before that. So my experiences in engineering or where I've got to how I've got to where I am today. While I was at university, I was heavily involved in volunteer groups. In particular, one called Robo Girls, which I'm the former CEO of Robo Global. So in that role, I had the opportunity to meet and work with incredible engineers from all across the world and try to improve the numbers that we see for women in STEM and engineering. So similar to what this group is doing connecting with other women in the business in the industry and hopefully improving the numbers as we go forward. I after graduating from university I joined a company as a structural engineer which I'd who I'd worked for throughout my university degree. So I had a cadet ship in working in a structural team which was fantastic and moved to ACOM last June. So coming up on a year in which I've been there and I guess my everyday role is currently designing high-rise concrete structures which I'm very much enjoying. It's it's got some nice challenges to it but very technically focused. My previous role in my other company was very much project management and client focused. So within the first three years of my career I've had the opportunity to work across various disciplines and gain a very broad range of skills. So, thank you for having me today. >> Thank you for coming. Thank you so much for sharing. , Felicity, would you like to go next? >> Sure. Hi everyone. My name is Felicity Fury. I studied civil engineering at Qout in Brisbane. I graduated in 2007, which seems like a fair amount of time ago now. And most of my career has been in the civil engineering industry. So, a lot of work on major infrastructure projects. So, I've worked in Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne. So, I like to say if you've driven on a road in one of those cities, you've probably driven on a road that I helped build or make safe. , my current role is actually at Swinburn University. So, I'm the director of industry partnerships at the engineering practice academy. So, what that involves is working with a whole range of different businesses and partners that we have at Swinburn. So from anyone like Jewelax or Air Services Australia to more of the traditional engineering companies like Turner and Townsen who do project management and I find really exciting and different projects for students to work on. So it's kind of like my consulting role that I've had in the past but now doing it in the university and helping students find some cool projects. Like Nicole, I'm really passionate about inspiring women into engineering. So as a bit of a problem solver I saw the women in engineering was a problem that needs to be solved. So I also started a not for profofit called power of engineering and we run free one-day events for girls and regional students to find out about engineering careers and shift their perception. So we've reached over 10,000 students now across Australia. We're very lucky to have Maria on our advisory board helping us with our strategy and where we're going. So I'm also on our advisory committee now. And I also run a couple of other businesses with my husband in property. So I'm sort of engineer slash business social entrepreneur as well. And I think engineering can really help you run you know businesses and solve problems. It's not just within the engineering field as you know Nicole and Maria have already shared about their careers. There's so many different pathways and opportunities. So, thanks for having me here. >> Thank you. That's amazing. , VA, would you like to please go next? >> Okay, good. Yeah, I a bit struggle with my internet connection. Sorry about that. So, my story is a bit different from all of these fantastic , you know, , stories. So, I immigrate to Australia just 10 years ago. So, I'm coming from , my home country, Iran. So I guess I start with what I've done from when I immigrate to Australia. So I did my PhD in school of science in the chemistry biotechnology department and then I appointed with the