also important. And I have had good managers and I've had bad managers. And sometimes it's hard to tell from those initial interviews if your manager is going to be supportive or good or not. And that was probably a red flag in that meeting. I wish I'd sort of gone, ah, maybe I should rethink this role. But even if you do have a bad manager, there's still lots of things you can do. I have so many mentors and so many people that can help and support me. So if you do get a bad one, that's okay. There's other ways around it. But I think that would be another thing to look for is having the right manager as well as understanding what your strengths are. >> Thanks, Felicity. Thank you all for the answers there. I'm always fascinated by that little period of life where you go from university to work. But really good insights. So thanks Sanduni. >> I think we'll move on to questions discussion questions about women in STEM in the workforce. In your opinion, why is STEM such an important industry and why is it important to have a diverse workplace? It's a topic that's being discussed quite a bit. I want to know what are your insights? What do you think why do you think it's important and why is it something that needs to be discussed? Maria, would you like to begin? >> yeah, certainly. I think I think starting studying in auto is interesting because it is typically a male-dominated area as is mechanical engineering and I suppose it's quite sobering to look at you know the stats today versus when I was studying and they're not that different which is concerning and you know why I'm interested in groups like power of engineering and so forth in terms of trying to trying to shift that. I think engineering is increasingly important particularly as we're moving more into you know into data analytics for you know everything we do and the engineering training and mindset and really you know that focus on making decisions based on data and understanding the numerousy type of the numerousy side of things I think is just critical in you know so many new and emerging roles that are coming out in that space you know sort of adjacent to engineering just in that analytic space. So if we look at sort of autonomous you know vehicles planes all of that sort of stuff there's a whole lot of data stuff that's that's linked with all of that. So from that perspective, you know, I think STEM's just massively important and it is quite concerning just in terms of the drop off rates that we have with girls both at school and then you know moving into university in terms of both engineering and IT really and you know the number of professions that women will be locked out of if they're not looking at taking on those opportunities. So massively important. Now I've forgotten Sadini what your sec the second part of your question was I started rambling. >> I just it was just about like why is STEM such an important industry and why is it important to have a diverse workplace? >> Oh diverse workforce of course. Yes. Going back to auto you know women make up most purchasing decisions in lots of in lots of areas. I think in automotive it was you know 80% of the decisions made by women. So having a whole lot of men designing cars is probably not such a great thing. You know we have in most parts of the world equal numbers of women and men driving vehicles. This is just one tangible example that you know people are quite aware of. And you know there's you know lots of stats and information around you know really kind of basic things where you know crash dummies and so forth have all been you know based on male percentiles etc. So, so until women are involved in those processes all the way you know through from you know early design through the concepts in terms of you know looking at functionality of vehicles you know usages are quite different between men and women you know different sized families or not recreational you know it's really important to be able to within your organization reflect the diversity of your customer base to ensure that the products and services that you're offering really reflect that of the that of your customers and communities that you're looking to service. So from that perspective, having that diversity at all levels is critical. And certainly having, you know, a number of females in key decision- making forums. You know, generally more than one is good. We do we do find that if there's only one women woman in those groups, they do tend to get drowned out. It's probably the correct word. But certainly you know having a number of women generally and I've seen it you know time and time again in the various executive forums that I've been on makes a massive difference in terms of the discussion the types of questions that are raised and really just broad can broaden the conversation in so many ways whether it's looking at different stakeholders just you know being able to offer a different perspective on a whole lot of different issues. Okay, thank you so much. , VA, would you like to go next? >> Okay, so I guess to answer the first part, why STEM is important. There's no doubts without STEM, we were not able to be in this webinar today together. So everything around us is about the STEM, is about science, is about technology. There are some jobs in future that the like there are some current jobs that they are not going to exist in the future and I guess all of these resources and all of these activities is based on some knowledge in the STEM area. So this is the need and for now and for future. So if you're looking for and to be adopted with the jobs and the career that are coming in the future, we really need to have some sort of knowledge and if you are thinking of the if from the survey data from the employee employees what they are looking so if you are thinking of the collaboration, critical thinking, problem solving, cultural awareness, creativity and all of these communication skills all of these characters. So it's about like when we are learning when we teach and when we are students in the STEM area they learn in the different units it's not just about their knowledge it's about all of these skills. So all of these units that we are we have in you know in a degree that you're taking like in engineering or in a science it's somehow helping a students to improve this skills. So there's no doubt that we need but I guess there is an requirements to be more inspiring like as Maria mentioned still we don't have that you know I guess we need to think of as a women we really critical part of this conversation and of course we need all of these you know women and men and all the stakeholders is to stick together to make it more stronger conversation and of course this is the requirement for the future as well. >> Okay, thank you so much bea Felicity would you like to go next? >> Yes, sorry I was just getting myself off mute. I was just finding some bring up some interesting stats about jobs of the future because it was interesting what V was talking about just then and yeah STEM is so important because so many of these future careers require these skills and you know you've probably seen the stats like 75% of the fastest growing jobs are going to require STEM skills. Almost 100% you'll be sorry you'll be spending almost 100% more time at work solving problems. 41% more time on critical thinking and judgment and 77% more time using science and maths skills. So it's hugely important for future careers. And if you're interested in looking at some of the careers that might exist in the future, there was a great report that was done last year by Ford Deacon and Griffith University called 100 jobs of the future. If you just Google that, it comes up with a really great website which actually gives you some examples. So, it starts to kind of paint a picture of what these future jobs could look like. And you can even do a little quiz and it can give you some examples of what jobs might suit you best. But, , no surprises that pretty much all of those jobs are going to require some kind