definitely relate to all the points everyone shared already and I was really surprised actually to be like to work as an engineer and then realize actually how creative the role is and I think that links in really well with the problem solving and one of the most rewarding things about my role at the moment is I get to be really independent in my work and I get to figure out there's you know this problem that we have we need to get industry partners we need to find projects how do we do that and often I'm starting from a point of I have no idea how do I, you know, be creative and find solutions? And I think that is the most rewarding part, but also the most challenging in the sense of often I have not a big idea of what I'm doing and I'm trying to figure it out and discover it. And it's great that we've got such a great team of people that I can ask those questions of. And I really like that I get to come up with a solution and then see if it's going to work to make something happen. I think a lot of engineers do that in their role is figure out how to make something happen and often you do make mistakes and that can be frustrating because you think that you had the right answer or the right pathway but then again you've got to go back and be creative and come up with other solutions. So in my role right now it is that balance of the challenge and the reward of that creativity and problem solving and I think that most engineers would experience it in whatever they're doing. Thanks for listening. Thanks everyone for sharing. I'll pass over to Sanduni now for the next question. >> Thank you Daniel. So all of you have done an extra course or extra studies on top of your engineering or your original degrees such as like teaching and leadership, business management. My question is firstly like why did you decide on the career pathway that you chose and did you expect to be where you are today when you started university? Did you expect to do an extra to study a completely different course after your degree? What was that pathway like for you? Maybe could we start with Maria? Would you like to start? >> Yeah, certainly. I think for me I think like many others you know engineering was a bit of a process of it was a bit of a process of elimination. Didn't want to be a doctor, didn't want to be a lawyer, didn't want to be an accountant and you know I was really interested in engineering because of the breadth and the variety of the different types of roles and pathways that you can move into and it certainly has played out that way through my career. So that's what initially drew me into engineering. , you know, I couldn't imagine sort of being a dentist and being in people's mouths, you know, all day. No, no disrespect to dentists or anything, but it just it wasn't for me. , and I always I've always had a had a love for being involved in business and at the time, this is again showing my age, I couldn't do mechanical engineering and business at the same time. So although it was something that I wanted to do, it wasn't actually available as a as a dual course. So, so I studied engineering and science as my undergrad and you know wanted to do psychology and was then told that was going to take about seven or eight years to get out the other end if I chose that option. So, you know, I quickly reverted to a maths and physics major, you know, as the realities of trying to actually get out in five years you know, were quite real to me. And so that's really what led me to my undergrad path. And you know mechanical for me was really I didn't really like electrical things too much and I didn't want to do civil. So again it was a bit of a process of elimination and it felt like it was quite a broad stream and quite liked physics and so forth. So I always had the intention of doing my MBA while I was at uni because of because of that business component that I was interested in and I found that it was a huge gap within the engineering training and I know it is still in a lot of engineering training which I find incredibly astounding considering you know lots of engineers manage you know lots of you know really big projects and you know money is a really important part in all of that. , so I think they're they're really complimentary. , I did want to work for a few years before going into postgrad work. And I think it was it was I think it's I would highly recommend working and leading people and having that firsthand experience before embarking onto postgrad you know MBAs and so forth because you just you certainly get a more of a richness and you can you can understand sort of how those how those things play out in reality while you're while you're doing it. So that's that's definitely what got me on that trajectory. I vowed I would never work in the auto industry after you know I did have quite an awful work experience stint at Ford and you know after working at Shell for a couple of years in petroleum you know I did move over into auto and you know I think I had I had this I had this vision of what you do as an engineer in auto businesses I think we had a couple of people at uni come and talk to us about you know they spent the last four years designing doorork knobs or something and I was just like oh my gosh me now if that's what I'm going to be doing. You know and yes there are those roles and there are those detailed technical roles in a whole lot of different areas. That's not what I wanted to do and you know I can certainly I can certainly recommend you know working for large organizations as Nicole just mentioned particularly multinational ones because of the breadth and the diversity because of the diversity of people that you work with throughout the global organizations and the opportunities that are that are available within those. So I don't think I've been in a role for more than about three years in my whole career. And you know have been able to sort of work across lots of different functions which has really just been linked in with my you know my aim to just move into the GM type space and really just stay in sort of that in that sort of general management and leadership space. I've worked across most functions throughout my career which has been fantastic. >> Thank you. So was the transition from going from working to then postgrad. What was that transition like? >> Yeah. I studied part-time while I was working full-time and it was completely exhausting doing a doing a yeah doing a masters over three and a third years with two subjects two nights a week plus syndicate stuff on weekends and working full-time in my first what was my first role where I was I was leading a team of 15 engineers at the time including a union shop steward and some technical people and so forth in what was quite an industrialized environment. So certainly challenging but also you know it's what enabled me to then take on my next role which was to move into finance. So if I hadn't have picked up my if I wasn't doing my postgrad studies I wouldn't have been able to move into the finance role that I was able to move into. So it really worked complimentary you know and GM were amazingly supportive in terms of supporting postgrad studies and so forth through that. So it worked really well. , not it's not great for work life balance, I've got to say. , because between work and , you know, and , and doing a masters at the same time, there wasn't too much time left for anything in between. It's a little bit of a blur. So, , I was just married when we when I started that and , didn't have kids until after I was done with that and I'm kind of glad that I chose that timing actually in hindsight. >> Okay. Thank you. Felicity, would you like to go next? >> Yeah, sure. Well, I think I'm the least