# VIDEO: Women in STEM Industry Panel Employability Experts. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

particular, we were paired up at random through while I was volunteering with Robo Girls and it was with a mentor group at PWC and we just got along so well that we still catch up three years later on a semi-regular basis and I just enjoy hearing about his work and what he's doing and in has the same interest in my career. So, it's just finding that point of interest that you can learn from each other because I think any good mentoring relationship goes both ways. You can help them as a mentee and they can help you as a mentor. So it's finding that common point of interest. >> Thanks Nicole. Yeah, we definitely always hear that in careers and employability. Mentors always seem to say that they get as much from the mentor mentee relationship as the mentee says that they do. So that's really good. Marie, did you have something you wanted to add as well? Yeah, I would just say you know one thing that I didn't do early on in my career and you know going back to you know what would I do differently if I could go back in time certainly sort of working on building that network up you know outside of your organization which I think is just critical and it and I think sometimes when you're in large organizations it can sort of seem almost secondary because you're kind of interacting with lots of different people in lots of different divisions and you know I was in a business with a quarter of a quarter of a million yeah quarter of a million people. So fairly large organization very wellworked throughout the business and whatnot and mentors throughout the business. But you know realized you know probably quite late that I just hadn't hadn't done you know much work on expanding that externally. So I would just encourage everyone to sort of get involved with Engineers Australia as you're starting off your career. There's great opportunities to move to meet with people in lots of different organizations and really keeping that broad base will certainly help you throughout your career. >> Thanks Maria. We always I always like to think of it that it's really to think of it that everyone knows everyone in your industry. If you think about it that way, you realize how much of a small world it is and how connected it is and how important it is to build those connections. >> Correct. Zanduni, >> let me >> handp pick a question. >> Yes, I'll There's so many. >> , okay. This is one from Sai. She says, "What do you do to stay relevant in your current position with the ever changing world? Any tips for students graduating this year during a recession? " , does anyone want to go first? , Maria Ala. Yeah. Do you have something to add? >> I guess this is my weekly activity. So I try to find out some online free resources to just update myself with what is present as we discuss something that is required in future. So you first you need to identify what is required in future and you know about yourself what you are passionate about it and what are the resources I need to pay for that. So as an students I really want to think as an student. So I guess for the previous question mentor don't forget your academic in the department if you if you don't access to someone else in the industry so they might be able to encourage you to contact someone outside the university again I'm thinking of as an student in the you know engineering or in a science and yeah there are different you know online resources available for everyone to self for the self-tutoring if for example data science is something that you need in the future and you are in engineering and this is not what you have so why you should not you know go ahead with this online resources and update yourself with that so and again there are some opportunity in our organization I don't know if I can use of my time because I might not get this chance and so there is a stem public speaking. This is the competition. So again, it helps you to improve your communication skills. I know as a woman or maybe as a STEM students, you feel shy. You don't want to share your science with the other stakeholders. Please do not you know, I like the idea like you want to be perfect, but you need to practice. So unless we practice we cannot be a good science communicator. That is our role as well. Behind what you're doing you need to share your science with the people outside the science and engineering. So people need to hear from you. So I really want to encourage you to contact me. So I think I'm the only beta at Swingban right now. So if you can please contact me if you're interested or passion. There are two competition. The second one it comes with a good urge you to start thinking about the topic. So yeah, >> thank you >> and 100% you know beta if you if you can't you know in any profession but I think particularly engineering if you can't influence and bring people along with your idea particularly I suppose in the innovation space you have the best ideas in the world but if you can't communicate if you can't persuade if you can't influence it gets very difficult to move forward so it's just such a critical component And you know, and I wish we had those opportunities you were talking about, beta, when we were at uni to engage with those broader areas and to build our confidence up in safe environments. >> Does anyone else have anything to add? >> I think there's great opportunities to go to lots of different events as well. Like I love going to the Engineers Australia events and but also going to some really different ones and there's so much you know free content available and doing things out of your era can be really interesting like my husband works in sales and it's totally different from what I do but I always learn so much from him when I ask him about his day and what he's up to. So or even you know dabbling in the startup world when starting my own businesses. So I think staying relevant there's a lot of different you can learn a lot from other from cross disciplines and the projects that we're going to be working on in the future are going to be multidisciplinary complex projects. So you are going to need to know about the different fields not just in your own area. So I think we can stay relevant by learning from other industries. And it might sound a bit boring, but there are some really cool reports like the OECD releases reports on the future of work and I find those fascinating to read of what they're predicting. So having a look at some of those reports and even just pulling one or two stats, you'll sound super smart to your new mentors that you acquire after this session. By just having that data to back it up, but also being able to ask them, do you agree? What do you think? And being able to ask really good questions helps you stay relevant because you're able to get that knowledge from other people and get their perspectives as well. >> It's a great point, Felicity. Thanks. And that was one of the questions in the chat box about the importance of having that cross curricular or multiddisciplinary knowledge. So that's a really good point. Sarah's got a really great question here that I really want to ask to all of you. How can women be allies to other women in STEM? Oh, 100%. I think there's you know, there's increasingly more and more organizations that are that are there helping to build up networks of women. So, I think you know this group here is a fabulous example of bringing to together an inter interdisciplinary group of women in STEM within the university. On the board side of things, I'm involved in with women on board. Who similarly try and bring women together in the board space to try and you know open and build those connections through. So I think it's around sort of looking at what areas you're interested in and there's there's you know there's lots of different groups that you can that you can join. I do also have also been involved in both in leading and in being a part of a lot of diversity type groups within the organization that I've worked in which