# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2021 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Okay, good afternoon everyone and welcome to start talking 2021. So this is the third year in a row we have this STEM public speaking competition. So this is aligned with one of the unit that we have at Swinburn and this is the first time that we have our competitors from Malaysia Sarowak. So we are going to do you know I guess there are some housekeeping in this slide. I want to let everyone knows. So the session is going to be recorded. Hopefully it's okay with you. Please make sure that the audio video is off during the showcase when we watch the 4m minute video. And then please make sure if you're the students and the audience we have a you know we have an you use of your student ID and we are going to communicate with you. There is a evaluation survey which doesn't take more than few minutes and we would like to hear about you to improve our events every time we are coming and please we already test the audio and the video for our competitors and so we are going to answer if you have any question please write in the chat so we should be able to check the chat and please turn your camera off. I already mentioned. So please make sure if you want to have a better experience set your screen to a speakers and they will be a cahoot question where we are inviting our judges in the breakout rooms to make a decision. We are going to have two activities. We want to have fun at the same time. And we are excited about learning and being inspired by the STEM idea that our students and our finalists provided to be shared with you. So we are going to have people's choice. So my colleague Kathlan is going to provide you the do you know the sale and that is the way that we are you are going to vote for your nom nominated do you know best video production and the STEM idea and of course we are going to have a cahoot question six question based on six presentation and the best you know the winner is going to get a price. All right. Now, if you can go to the next slide, please. So, we have a poll question and we would like you to answer the question and my colleague Janet is going to record the results. So we want you to tell us how important is a STEM communication for your career. We want to know about your opinion. Okay, we give you a few seconds. Janet, do we want to >> Yeah, >> thanks everyone. So, you will have noticed we've shared this same poll at each of the workshops. So, it's really gratifying to see that you really have got the message that STEM communication is really important. It is vital and sharing all the tips and advice is really the way forward for you. So thanks for your input everybody. Great to know that you know that the science communication and of course the communication skills it's very important based on your you know your respond and based on the employer survey. Okay. Now let's move on and before we start and of course this is about STEM public speaking he this is the competition that we are running at Swimburn to recognize the you know talented students and then we lead them and direct them to the state public STEM public speaking. So before we start I would like to go to the acknowledgement of the country on behalf of the people who participate in the event from Australia and Malaysia. I would like to acknowledge the verjury people who are the traditional custodians of this land. I would also like to pay respect to the elders both past and present of the colon nation and extend that respect to other indigenous Australians and Malaysians present. So just to give you an overview of what we are going to do for the rest maybe next of one and a half hour. So we are going to start with the com competitors. So you are going to watch four minute video and we have six finalists and they are going to be available to our judges and they are going we are going to have about four minutes to have a Q&A and a conversation between the judges and the competitors. So then we are going to invite the judges to be in the breakout room. So they already have your video and they already watch your video. So they are going to be to discuss and share the idea and come up with the and you know the announcement for the winner of start talking 2021. At the same time in the main room as I said we are going to have a people's choice award and we are going to run the cahoot question for the audience. The audience are important and you are the reason that we are going to share our science with you. So then we are going to the judges are coming and one of the judges are going to take an action and they are going to announce one of the judges is going to announce the winner. Then we are going to have a screenshot photo. That is the time that I want everyone come with the hopefully with a video the camera on and with a smile and of course we are going to promote start talking. So and we are going to make sure that we have do you know I hope that is very pleasant moments and time for you and then we are going to close the event and you're going to hear about us and with the evaluation. So just to introduce ourselves and who is involved. So our team my colleague Kelan and Janet they are here and they're always helping to actually organize this event and I really appreciate that. The other fantastic collaborators that we have it's the digital literacy LTU and Claire is one of the judges is from the Adobe team. Of course employability Janet is coming from emerging leaders program and one of the collaborator our teaching team in the communication for scientists our industry partner insurance Australia group and I think I cannot emphasize how important that our students are passionate students as Sam is here Joshua was here so they are now the mentor for the new you know group of students who join us and they are going to persist and progress in their journey. So thank you very much to all of you and of course I would like to introduce our judges. So, Professor Alan Duffy, Professor Virginia Kilburn and Jean O from our industry partner and of course the associate professor Claire so Dyson which is from Adobe. Thank you so much. So now I think I would like to acknowledge and appreciate all of the students that they take an action. I know this is the very busy time for everyone and spending extra time on a co-curriculum activity and share your passion that is very valuable to us. I would like to accept all of you as a finalist. I would like to acknowledge all of you and awarded with a prize but I guess you are going to you are all going to receive a certificate of participation and I would like to on behalf of the team I would like to appreciate your time and your efforts and now we are going to have our you know talented science communicator here and of course this is just the beginning maybe if this is the first video and you share your translate your science. This is the way that you are going to learn. Of course, this feedback is going to be shared with you from our judges and of course that is the way that we are going to help you and support you to as I said lead you through the state STEM public speaking. All right. So now we have our fantastic six finalist. I would like to ask and invite our first competitor who is Matthew. So his video is about and the title of the video is about plastics. So Matthew, could you please just I'm going to turn off myself. Could you please just show your video and please make sure you turn off your audio as well. One moment. >> Take your time. >> Okay, I'm just going to forget YouTube, but >> No, wait. I forgot. I'm doing a great job. I'm sorry. >> That's okay, Matthew. That's part of the >> digital environment learning. Everyone during some stage of their life has heard of the term germs. For many of us, most of that exposure would be from product