think you did a really good job with that. But just always be mindful in your work when you use it. It is the most powerful way to get people on board. But too much and you can have the opposite effect. >> Awesome. Thank you guys. >> All right. So, okay. So, if that was something that we had from the judges. Okay. Now let's move on to the last presentation and I would like to invite Eggbal to present the video and the title of this video is tobacco legislation in Malaysia. An average of 60 million people die worldwide. Over half of those deaths can be attributed to 10 leading causes and seven out of 10 of those causes are non-communicable disease. Cancer is placed second with an estimated 1. 9 million of cancer deaths are by tracheal bronus and lung cancer. Tobacco and cigarettes remain the leading cause of lung cancer. With the decades of awareness campaigns on the dangers of tobacco and cigarettes, there isn't a single human who isn't aware of the dangers of smoking. You'll be able to see these warning labels on almost all tobacco products. These labels show the effect of tobacco, but does not inform how tobacco and cigarette harm the body and cause cancer. People who smoke cigarettes are 15 to 30 times more likely to get and die from lung cancer. And the main culprit are carcinogens. Carcinogens are simply any substances that promote the formation of cancer. Tobacco contains 60 wellestablished carcinogens such as policy aromatic hydrocarbons, aldahhides, and aromatic amines to name a few. Carcinogens in general damage our DNA and the instructions within the DNA that protect us against cancer. Now, the answer to avoid this as an individual, it's obvious. Avoid and stop smoking. Just after 20 minutes after your last cigarette, your blood pressure and pulse will begin to return to normal. Five years later, your risk of dying due to lung cancer is nearly half of when you smoked. 10 years later, your risk of dying due to lung cancer is decreased to that of a non-smoker. Now, I'd be remiss not to address the fact that tobacco and cigarettes contain nicotine, a highly addictive drug that causes your brain to release dopamine and reinforces the usage of tobacco. Displayed on the screen right now are hotlines and services within Malaysia and Australia that can provide information and counseling on how to stop smoking. The journey to quit smoking is most definitely not easy, but you certainly don't have to do it alone. Unfortunately, the dangers posed by smoking does not dissipate once you've stopped smoking. Secondhand smoking is the inhalation exposure to the smoke that comes from the burning of tobacco exhaled by a smoker. Secondhand smoke causes lung cancer and people who have never smoked. Even brief secondhand smoke exposure can damage cells and increase the risk of developing lung cancer by 20 to 30%. This highlights the need for initiatives and legislative control measures to reduce and prevent the dangers of smoking and secondhand smoke. In Malaysia, smoking is prohibited in public transportations, certain public spaces, health, education, and government facilities to name a few. Virtually all forms of tobacco advertisements and promotions are prohibited. Taxes and minimum price for tobacco and cigarettes are imposed with the minimum price for a pack of cigarettes at 10 Malaysian ringit. Health warnings are required to occupy cigarette packs with 50% of the front in Bahasa Malayu and 60% of the back in English. Although tobacco laws in Malaysia are extensive and aligned with the WH's framework convention on tobacco control, there are certainly limitations and improvements to be made. Current Malaysian tobacco laws does not allow authorities to regulate the contents of cigarette or require manufacturers to disclose its contents. Regulation will allow authorities to pursue the lowering of nicotine and cigarettes and disclosure allows users to be more aware of the levels of tobacco and any additives. Health warnings are certainly present on cigarette packs in Malaysia, but only on cigarette packs and not other tobacco products. Australia became the first country to implement plain packaging on tobacco in December 2012. A government study between 2012 and 2015 found that there was this 25% decline in smoking prevalence attributed to plain packaging. 3 years after the full implementation of plain packaging, an estimated 100,000 less Australians smoked. Legislation initiatives remain an effective tool to reducing the prevalence of smoking. Regulation and disclosure ensures that the consumers are protected and remained informed. Plain packaging is an proven initiative to reducing the prevalence of smoking. I call upon Malaysia to implement further tobacco laws that will protect the health of everyone. I would like to end with another reminder that tobacco and cigarettes contain nicotine, a highly addictive drug. Although legislation is a top-down approach at addressing the dangers of tobacco, the change begins with you. In the spirit of the recent mental health day, I would like to reassure you that there is absolutely no shame in seeking support to stop smoking. The journey to stop smoking is tough and long, but it's a journey worth pursuing for yourself and the people around you. And if you are on the journey to stop smoking, I wish you luck. Thank you so much Akbal. So hopefully we are if there is anyone smoking we are they are going to listen to you. So Alan >> yeah I hope so certain certainly will after that video. Well done. I just want to note the how rare it is to see a science communication video on science policy and I want to applaud that. That is not an easy topic to make policy engaging and interesting. So I wanna want to celebrate that. Well sorry I do sorry I might have missed this at the end. Was the you does MA currently have plain packaging or your call is because I think it was on certain aspects of tobacco but not all aspects. Is that what Australia has done different and more? Is that is that the call to action that you would like to see taken up? >> yes. We only have a requirement of 50% of health warnings at the front of cigarette packs and 60% in the back and only on cigarettes and not on other tobacco products such as chewing tobacco or any other tobacco products. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. I see. All right. So, I think just from the perspective of the science communication piece that needed to be slightly tighter because I just I might have missed that subtle point. I think having the broader vision of a call to action for support for people is was also really unusual but really worked like it for me personally it was quite effective in terms of that you connected with the audience on that on that personal level. Well, I'm not going to ask if you're yourself a former smoker or not, but there certainly was that did seem to be a deeply held feeling about that and that was conveyed, I think, quite beautifully and profoundly. So, so well done. That was again you turned science policy into an engaging video which is not easy. So, well done. Thank you. >> Thank you, Alan. Thank you very much. We have more question, feedback, Virginia. >> Sure. , thank you for the , engaging presentation. , and I just wanted to echo , Ellen's comments, I guess, around the policy and the , the call to action. If you I think most people watching this would have a really clear idea of why you shouldn't smoke and some of the issues or I guess policy ideas around plain packaging and so on. Yes. So I guess my question is would you be aiming this at an audience of people who are smokers or people or audience of say people who are making regulations around smoking? What do you what was your aim around this one? I think it was more for policy makers and people who regulation because I think it's important to for them to see what sort of the necessary changes we need to keep up with the tobacco laws and the innovations that are found just across the sea and just across our borders and what we could do to echo their sort of changes. >> Yeah. In that case because you explained the issue and then explained the some of the factors around choosing or not choosing smoking and the benefits of not smoking. I think that was very well presented for that particular audience. So thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you Virginia. I think that was the end of the sixth best presentation. Of course, again I want to remind that we have our semi finalist in the as part of our audience. I can see some of them. So I guess