Okay. Well, that's not too challenging. A good way to repurpose. >> so certainly if you if you've been able to present something about that scale that would have been really valuable just to give I think the audience that sense. But I really love that you spoke about the hydro positives and negatives. But perhaps the OTC could have been presented in that way. But otherwise I think that was a really fantastic work and I'm interested to know more about OTH. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Yeah, Alan I was just going to add to that. I think it was really lovely presenting solutions but then actually giving the audience what the issues are like actually raising those issues. That's really it's great storytelling. I think one of the real strengths of your of this particular work is how well you married live imagery. I don't know if that footage is yours or not but it's actually really good. , so photos. >> Was it yours? >> Oh, no. It was mostly stock videos, but some of them were actually mine as well. >> Yeah, I know. I can see some handheld stuff in there, and it's actually really charming. , it actually really resonates with your voice and the pacing of the video. Like, it's actually a really emotive story that you're telling because you can tell how much it means to you. So, I think actually using that kind of design, visual storytelling is really beautiful. And you actually nailed you nailed the emotional stuff with matching really good imagery. So I think well done on that. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. So still we have few seconds. Do we have any anything? Yes, Virginia. >> Sure. I've got lots of questions. But I guess the biggest one is how feasible is it? And so it obviously would be a huge impact. How feasible is it do you think to bring this in for to that 50,000 megawatts? Was that the right number? Don't have the right number of euros there. Yeah, >> it is. Actually it is quite a feasible act in a way because they've already we've already done so many efforts in planting in making coal plants or oil rigs. So to say that to say that it is not a feasible feat would not be good I mean would not be true in a way because the only the only reason why it cannot be cannot can cannot be conducted is due to funding honestly and further research into this topic. So you're saying it needs a bit more promotion so we can put it up there alongside wind and solar and other renewable energies. >> Yeah, because there are actually other places for example in Hawaii where OTCH is being used very exponentially actually. >> It's great. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> I think that is just on time. So thank you very much. And I guess I would like to invite the next competitor who is Jonathan again from Malaysia. So this time Malaysia did a great job. You see and I tried to balance the gender here and I've tried to balance within Australia but this is what we have. So Jonathan is going to present the significance of using photoropic microorganism in harnessing solar energy to make hydrogen. And Jonathan, could you please present your video? Hi everyone, my name is Jonathan Lee. Welcome to my presentation video. Did you know that hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe? It is found in the most of the stars. It is also an essential element for life because it is not only present in water but in almost all the molecules in living things. In the chemical industry, it is used in the harbor process which is the making of ammonia for agricultural fertilizer. It is also used in the glass and electronic industry as well. Wow, so many users. This brings us to our topic for this video in which I will be presenting regarding the significance of using photorophic microorganisms in harnessing solar energy to make hydrogen and its social impact. In brief, photorophic microorganisms such as rotobacttor spoids and rodtobactor capsulators produce hydrogen mainly through two processes known as photoermentation or co- metabolism of nitrogen fixation. Now let us move on to our first point on how this topic is significant which is that Sarawa is aiming to be the pioneer in hydrogen economy. Sarawa currently only has an integrated facility consisting of a plant that produces hydrogen through electrolysis which is an electrochemical process or in layman's term hydrogen is produced from water which is located in Mintawa Kuching. One thing to note is that there is the existence of photobiioactors that are used for culturing photorophic microorganisms that enables hydrogen production using photorophic microorganisms. The examples mentioned earlier. One such example would be the flat panel photo bioreactors that have high surface to volume ratio and the shorter light path which is evenly distributed across the reactor for the increased efficiency of hydrogen production. In order to be the pioneer, Sarowat will of course have to be able to mass-produce hydrogen so that the hydrogen produced can not only be used in Sarowat but can also be exported to other countries. This is where this topic comes into play. The social impact being that this will help boost the overall economy of Sowa as the hydrogen's global market is expected to reach US dollar of 196 billion by the year 2030. Another reason why this topic is significant which is also directly related to its social impact is that hydrogen is a green energy meaning that it is eco-friendly and it does not cause pollution. This will help reduce air pollution and decrease the carbon footprint in Sowak. An example of application of hydrogen that does not cause air pollution obviously is the hydrogen buses they are getting quite popular in Sarawa. Next let's move to the viability of this topic. One of the reasons would be that there is year-long sunlight in Sarawa thus making it possible for the photorophic microorganisms to generate hydrogen from solar energy every day. Another reason of viability is that there is already an existing photobiioactor in Sowa which is the SPCNC algae cultivation facility. The largest outdoor algae cultivation facility in Southeast Asia and also a joint collaboration project between Sowat Biodiversity Center and Mishubishi Corporation with technical support from a biotechnology company Chito's laboratory which is used to produce dried ali biomass. Therefore, it is very viable for there to be another photobiactor specialized in the production of hydrogen with the right collaboration between governmental agencies and private companies which means space and cost will not be of issues. After watching this video, do you think that this topic is reasonable and is it a viable project to be carried out in Sawa? Let me know what you think. These are the references that I've used to make this video. Thank you so much for watching this video. Have a great day. Thank you very much, Jonathan. Thank you. And I hope that you have a great day. So now if you can Yeah. So we are now open to the judges and let's see if we have any question, comments, suggestion, feedback. >> Virginia, do you want to? >> Well, I can provide some feedback. I really liked the video. I found there was a little bit of humor in there. It was very engaging and yes it was a great slides and oh maybe not slides but content and so yeah I liked it a lot. So it sounds like this is a viable project. Can you talk a little bit more about what it costs to use this methodology? , and what do what do you think this is going to be the one that we use in the future or is it does it need more investigation before we make that decision? >> you're talking you're asking about the cost is it? Yeah, >> the cost at the moment I'm not quite sure because usually the they're actually like projects handled by the governmental agencies and they're also a collaboration with other private companies like for example the one that I mentioned in the video the SBCMC algae cultivation facility. Yeah, that's actually a project between one of the Sowat governmental agencies which is Sarowat Biodiversity Center with Mitsubishi Corporation. So, so usually they handle the co cost. So, I don't really think that public would know how much it is. >> So, yeah. , could you repeat your second question? >> , I guess so the reason I asked about a cost is because that's a really big consideration when you're producing hydrogen. And so my second question was then sort of following on from that whether you think that this is going to be