of the video is about plastics. So Matthew, could you please just I'm going to turn off myself. Could you please just show your video and please make sure you turn off your audio as well. One moment. >> Take your time. >> Okay, I'm just going to forget YouTube, but >> No, wait. I forgot. I'm doing a great job. I'm sorry. >> That's okay, Matthew. That's part of the >> digital environment learning. Everyone during some stage of their life has heard of the term germs. For many of us, most of that exposure would be from product labels or slogans claiming they kill 99. 95% of germs or something to that end. But despite the reputation that may bring, some germs play integral roles in our development. For example, did you know the human body relies on specialized bacteria, a type of germ, to break down certain foods? Or maybe that the cooking ingredient yeast is actually a single cell fungi, which is another kind of germ. Well, regardless of whether you knew that or not, there is another helpful germ that many of us may not be familiar with. One that we are not beneficial to our stomachs will provide a giant step forward in the never- ending battle against some environmental footprint. You see, back in 2016, a group of Japanese scientists working near a recycling plant noticed something peculiar was occurring before their eyes. A group of unknown bacteria had grown around some of the plastic bottles. The weird part was that it was successfully able to eat away at the material, breaking it down into smaller components. Yes, you heard me correctly. These bacteria use the plastic material as food. Plastics. Polyethylene terafalate, commonly referred to as PET plastic, is a common material used in various packaging. Packaging made from this plastic will have a plastic identification number of one. So, if you think I'm lying out of my teeth, try and see how many objects you use at your daily life have this symbol on it. To give you an example, here's a picture of some of the objects I found in my house that are made out of PET plastics. The discovered bacteria was found to break away at the specific kind of plastic material. When eating the material, it leaves behind two chemicals, teraphylic acid and ethylene glycol. These chemicals are reported as harmless to the environment, granting it an edge over many recycling methods in place due to being extremely eco-friendly. These chemicals could be collected and recycled for future use. Ephylane glycol is particularly helpful being a common ingredient in antifreeze, a common engine cooler which is in high demand. Upon looking deeper, the scientists found that this group of bacteria could break down a material at a rate of 0. 13 mg of plastic for every centimeter of exposure per day. What does this actually mean? Well, if you took a generic cylinder shaped plastic bottle, submerged it a tub of this bacteria, it would fully decompose the bottle in just under one and a half years. Okay. Yes, that is a long time. But it's far better than leaving it to break down naturally. You see, the issue with PET plastic lies in its structure. It's very tight and compact. So much so that even air is trapped within it. This helps your soft drink stay fizzy for longer, but it comes at a cost. It's because of that tight structure that plastic bottles take hundreds of years to degrade naturally. Not only that, but that plastic doesn't truly break away. Rather, it becomes smaller fragments of the same material. This material is then eaten by wildlife, which then slowly comes back to bite us due to the food chain. This is why a period of 1 and 1/2 years for a clean and eco-friendly result is an undeniable and significant improvement. A report on waste generation by the Australian Bureau of Statistics reports that just under 440,000 tons of PET plastic was sent to landfill between 2018 and 2019. With how long they take to fully break down, that plastic is likely still there today. While the total number only continues to increase, this along with many other reasons is why it's to everyone's benefit that we see a future where not a single plastic bottle is left to landfill. And while this discovery is still far away from achieving this on such a scale, it's a powerful step in the right direction. All right. Thank you very much, Matthew. So I would like to invite the judges to turn on their camera and of course Matthew if you can please turn on your camera. So I'm going to set the time. Usually we grab one maybe about two question from the judges and about two four minutes. >> I could ramble about this for four minutes if we don't get any questions. Don't worry about that. So, who is going to ask the question from the judges? >> I'm just getting my notes up, so give me one sec. >> Of course. >> But I'd like to start by saying I loved the video. It was a It was just great. And I'm super inspired. A year and a half. It did seem a lot. And I love I really did love the fact that you one of the things I did love Sorry. Is it okay if I just give feedback? One of the things I really loved about it was your integration of graphics and music and you were really upbeat as well, so we kind of got to know you as a person. And that's really lovely when you're doing science communication because sometimes it can be a bit dry. So I really came along on your journey. So yeah, I don't actually have any questions. I don't know if the other judges have got any. I rambled a bit on how I did the visuals if you're curious. >> Thank you, Claire. And Virginia, >> can I ask a science question? >> Yes, of course. >> Well, I mean, I first of all, well done. I really enjoyed that. I was inspired. And looking at the pile of PET plastics you have in your home, I think I have a matching set in my home. So what I was wondering is you were talking about that the this would break down in 1. 5 years and I and what are the conditions around that? Do you know anything more about that? So do you any other catalyst? >> The way I worked out that time actually was I did some I actually did some proper math behind it. So the idea was you take it's a specific cylinder of the sizes that you see in that video and then you cover both the surface area inside and outside with it and then if you assuming I think it was 30° C was what it said provided that it's working to full capacity it should be able to do it in that time. >> I'm not sure if I did leave it on my proper form the full working out and how I did it. That's okay. No, that was that's that's all I was wondering, I guess. , and that you would assume that it's not in a garbage tip in underneath like a ton of rubbish, so you probably need a bit of aation stuff. >> Yeah, that's good. And , how did you do the animations? >> Ah, so I did I did in a very unorthodox method actually. I'm not sure if everyone here is familiar with the programming software Scratch, >> but what I did was because Adobe Rush is very good for like compiling clips and adding cool effects on top of clips, but it's it seemed very cumbersome in terms of direct animation. So what I would do is I took some stock photos and turn them into little sprites. And then Scratch was is very useful because you could apply certain effects like all the times that objects are fading in or fading out or they start to get pixelated or they start to change color. All of that was done through scratch. So what I would do is I just make the code for each segment, time it according to my audio. Then I would use a screen catcher software to take that recording, put in Adobe Rush, crop it, get rid of the bits that you don't need, and just add the audio that way. And that's just how I managed to get it all to work. Some of the stuff is very done only because Scratch works. Like that the box of plastic material that is randomized. That is completely random. If you put the if you re-record it, you get a completely different box of plastic. >> Ah, that's