# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2021 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

awards did we have? >> what do you mean awards? >> The numbers. H the number of votes >> I had 29. >> All right. Because we had 29 but now we I think some people had to leave. All right. >> Okay. Yeah. >> I think you we can close the word and whatever you have just keep it and I'm going to >> All right. This is very exciting. And Janet what is the plan? Are we going to invite the judges to come back? >> They had 15 minutes, but they still want them to come back early. I'll send them a message. >> Yes. All right. So, thank you so much everyone. And of course, please be ready after judges coming and they announced the you know the judges choice for start talking 2021. We are going to have a and cast announced the people's choice. We are going to have a photo together and that is going to be with the camera on. So if you want to do something just please be ready and be here. You're going to take a photo. >> Okay. >> Can I mention bit while we're waiting for the judges to come back that first of all, thank you so much for inviting me back for a second year in a row. And it's lovely to join you again. It's always exciting to see these really interesting ideas that the students have. So, it's I certainly learned heaps again this year. , and I'd also like to give a shout out to the Malaysian students who have participated this year. , I have to admit, , I was born in Malaysia, so , I was born in Koala Lumpur. , so, , it's, it's really nice to see, , my home country represented here today. So, but no favoritism though. Absolutely no f >> of course. Of course. I think , that is very good to hear. I think that's a very good and I believe Dino I think for us being in a science and in STEM area and seeing the more students are passion to join us and tell and share their story and bring the innovative idea. I mean it's all about learning from each other and that is fantastic. I can see the judges are here. I hope you were able to see Jane's score because technology didn't help us to do you know invite her again and yeah but we are hoping if one of the judges and this is very exciting moment who is from the judges is going to announce the judges the winner Virginia so Virginia please tell us about the judges choice of the winner of a start talking 2021. >> Okay. Well, firstly, I'd like to congratulate everybody again. , we have had a very robust discussion in the judging breakout room. , we've gone through all of the talks and we thought they were absolutely fantastic. And even though this is my first time, I know Claire and Ellen have been doing this for a number of years and they've mentioned that this year is even better than ever. And so I think that is testament to all of the hard work that's gone into these videos and also beta and all the and the teaching team. Thank you for all of your hard work in this. So it was tough but we do have a winner and do I just announce it? I guess I do. Our winner for today is Matthew Shipper with the M plastics. We really loved this. We thought the animation was absolutely fantastic. The science was spot on and it had a wonderful message. , not a wonderful message but a wonderful message and a hopeful message as well. , we really liked it. So, congratulations on your on your work, Matthew. >> Thank you so much, Virginia. And congratulation to Matthew. So, well done. Of course. , I'm going to share all the feedbacks from our judges. So, and , thank you so much. So, well done. Please do not go anywhere because Casteline is going to announce the people's choice and we are going all to have a memory of tonight. We are going to have the camera on and we are going to you know save this moment. Klan, could you please tell us who is the people's choice? >> Do you want to see the whole vote? >> Let's go for it. >> Okay. All right. I'll share I'll share the screen and then so we can see where the voting went. It should be right. So I hope I hope you can see the screen. >> it started to be shared but I cannot see it. >> Okay now we can see. >> Not yet. Nothing. Nothing on the screen. >> We can see the list of the >> Okay. All right. So, I should >> And 29 W. >> Announce it. >> Yes, please. >> Okay. 29 votes. >> Yes. >> And the result is >> the result there. >> Yeah. We can see Okay, >> the winner is Malaysia electricity and the ocean. >> Thank you so much. This is the visualization of the data from announcing the winner of the people's choice. So, thank you so much. And that is I think the Malaysia electricity and the ocean was the topic and Celestina. So from the Sarak is the people's choice. Thank you so much Keslan. So now if you can if you can stop sharing. Now I want to invite everyone to please turn on your camera and do not forget and a smile for sharing your happiness and this moment and that is going to be dedicated to the time that Matthew and Celestina spent to create this fantastic inspiring video. This is just the beginning of your journey as a science communicator and we love what you're doing and we are going to meet each other and we are going to discuss how we can go to the state STEM public speaking. So I'm just waiting and keep talking and yeah so Matthew do you want to share your feeling? >> I was not expecting a win that's for sure. I really I'm really happy about it though obviously. Yes, I can see how passionate you were to make sure that Oh, beta, did you consider my video for a start talking? I said yes. >> Yeah, I was I was initially concerned because it was, you know, someone else's marketing. They didn't mention anything about it and I was really I was I have a lot of I have let me restart that. I have a decent amount of pride in the stuff I did and all that. I think it looks very well. I'm mainly proud of the aesthetics obviously because that's the main selling point of that. I believe I suppose. >> Thank you very much, Matthew. I guess I just want to say that the passion is we need to celebrate the your passion. Anyway, I just want to make sure that this is the few seconds. Can you please for the few seconds turn on your video? I can see some of the video is not on. We want to see your beautiful faces because I want to capture if it's okay. Okay, I'm going to count down. Three. Two. Oh, I can see another one. Okay. One and a half. And one. And let's take a photo with a smile. Okay. Please wait. , I just need to make sure that I've done the right thing. I did. And congratulation again. And thank you everyone. The judges, we really appreciate your valuable time. Matthew, you are going you won the 400 bucks and Celestina, you won 100 bucks and I'm going to be in contact with you. And the winner of the cohort question, can you please send an email, can I ask to identify who was Jot and just stay in the main room and add your name in the chat? So I need to know who is the do you know the audience winner so I can send you your 50 bucks and thank you so much. This is the end of our start talking 2021. I'm going to meet all the finalists and semi- finalists. Our vision is let's make the world a better place to live and we are very passionate about it and we are going to keep doing all of this fantastic job. But we without you students and your passionate students we cannot do this. I really appreciate you and extra time that you spend on this and Janet is going to send you the evaluation your feedback your constructive feedback is always very important. I would like to thank you to my colleague Keslan, Janet and Irene. And I would like to appreciate Sam one of our