I mean HPV is very limited because everyone's like they know what's happening around and how to stay away from contracting the viruses but when you take the developing world no one actually knows about it and it's more like a taboo topic to talk about these things. So the prevalence is very high. So most of the funding that comes in for most of the research to test these drugs experimentally in a laboratory setting are from like the US, Australia and the European Union. So there's not much need from them to focus more on developing a therapeutic vaccine. But when it comes to the developing world there is a massive need. M >> so it all comes down to funding and if you experimentally test these drugs only that it could be fed to a database where you can acquire the data and develop the machine learning model to find the prospective drugs from a random set of compounds. >> Thank you very much. I guess this is just right on time and I hope that judges are happy with the question and we can have a off conversation. So let's move on to the next competitor. So I would like to u introduce Celis Tina from Malaysia and from Sarowak and her topic is about Malaysia electricity and the ocean. So please just present your we are waiting to watch your video. I just want to let you know, Celestina, that we don't have the audio. Can you please stop and >> Oh, okay. , give me a moment. >> Yes, sure. Do let me know if there's any of you. >> Not yet, but we tested and it works. So, can you just please again? , >> I'm so sorry. , give me >> That's okay. I think this is again something in the digital environment that every one of us are experiencing every day no matter how many >> when you share your screen you need to share for audio as well. >> So it's down the bottom share sound and optimize for video clip. >> Thank you Claire. >> That's okay. That's what I'm here for, right? Okay. It's interesting. We tested and it worked, but now I cannot hear the audio. All right. >> I've got it open. I'm happy to do this. >> Can you may >> I will just I just have to find it. I'm so sorry. I've got a billion things open right now. So, >> I am so sorry. I am sorry. >> No, no, it's totally fine. These things happen. >> And I have Janet as a backup as well. But, , Betty >> Oh god, I did exactly the wrong thing. I did exactly not sharing for sound. Sorry, everyone. All right. Ah, I can't hear it either. >> Electricity, just like money, it makes the world go round. There are many >> I'm just going to start again. My apologies. >> Electricity, just like money, it makes the world go round. There are many sources from which electricity are produced. And these many sources are either renewable energy such as wind energy, solar energy and water energy or non-renewable energy like fossil fuel energy. Now between these two we know that non-renewable energy has been a constant in the production of electricity. Most countries like Malaysia depend on fossil fuel energy to help generate electricity. But there are consequences to this. A most notable form of consequence can already be observed in the changes we see occurring in the world today, which is climate change. And what causes this is the release of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas that traps heat in the atmosphere from the usage of fossil fuel energy. I'll give you a rundown of how this happens. Here is Kapar power station, a thermal power station utilizing coal as its primary fuel and gas as a secondary. The first coal fired power plant in the country and the largest. It works with a steam boiler that is fueled by either coal or natural gas, producing steam, then activating a turbine that drives the alternator to produce electricity. However, the burning of these fuels releases carbon dioxide. Looking at the Earth as a greenhouse, carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere, the Earth's glass roof, causing for the increase in global temperature. NASA reported that the temperature has increased up to 1. 02° C in 2020. It might not seem much, but with the current climate changes occurring in the world today, it is no petty matter. In a developing tropical country like Malaysia, where the need for electricity is ever growing as time passes and population increases, it is necessary for the country's electricity suppliers to phase out of using fossil fuels for the sake of decreasing the emission of carbon dioxide. Did you know that Malaysia has a dependency on fossil fuels for the production of electricity? With the values being at 90% in 2015, fossil fuel is bound to run out one way or another. And Malaysia is still getting hotter by the day due to these emissions. And there are still remote areas in Malaysia that depend on portable generators running on fuel just to light up the night. With this knowledge, there have already been endeavors to switch to renewable energies such as dams in Sarawa or hydroelectric power plants. But dams are known to have caused environmental damages, constantly receiving backlash from the people and most hydroelect electric power plants in Malaysia are still utilizing coal in electricity production. For a country that is strategically located between the oceans, it will be wise for them to utilize ocean thermal energy conversion also known as OTCH instead. Let me explain what OTCH is. The ocean is vast and deep having parts where the sun has never touched before. Techch relies on this needing a heated ocean surface to heat fluids like ammonia that can easily boil at low temperatures to power turbines producing energy after which the heated fluids are cooled by the cold water from the ocean depths and recycled. The best part of it, no carbon dioxide is ever released. Studies show that there is a trough just off the Sabahan coast that goes as deep as 2,900 m with temperatures as low as 4° C deep within and 29°C at the surface. Just this trough alone has the potential of producing up to 50,000 megawatt, which is double the current electricity power capacity in the whole of Malaysia. To put it into perspective, 1 megawatt can supply up to roughly 650 homes. Can you imagine how much more 50,000 can do for a whole country? OTE greatly benefits Malaysia in so many ways. It can easily help the country shift into renewable energy as well as slow down climate change and the everinccreasing global temperatures. This shift can tremendously improve the lives of the citizens as there would not be any worries of where electricity would come from if the natural resources are used up in the nearby future. Stepping into the future where OTCH replaces fossil fuels may just be the step that can bring the country into a new era of renewable energy and cooler days. Thank you so much. All right. Now we are going to set the time and we are open to any question, suggestion, feedback. From the judges, Alan. >> All right. , I'll jump in now. Celestina, that was that was a wonderful video. Really, I just enjoyed the vibe was really relaxing, quite frankly. So, it was very nice delivery. The you raised the point on the OTC and the I would have loved to seen a diagram to explain a bit better because I think I understand it physically, but a little arrow diagram. Could you give me a sense of what scale physical scale a plant is required to generate that 50,000 megawws from that trough you mentioned are we talking something akin to that coal powered plant in just the infrastructure size or you know how does it work in that sense? >> based on size I guess you could say have you ever seen an offshore plant? >> Mhm. It would be around that size at the very least. >> Okay. Like an offshore oil rig. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, that's not too challenging. A good way to repurpose. >> so certainly if you if you've been able to present something about that scale that would have been really valuable just to give I think the audience that sense. But I really love that you spoke about the hydro positives and negatives. But perhaps the OTC could have been presented in that way. But otherwise I think that was a really fantastic work and I'm interested to know more about OTH. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Yeah, Alan I was just going to add to that. I think