# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2021 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

SBCMC algae cultivation facility. Yeah, that's actually a project between one of the Sowat governmental agencies which is Sarowat Biodiversity Center with Mitsubishi Corporation. So, so usually they handle the co cost. So, I don't really think that public would know how much it is. >> So, yeah. , could you repeat your second question? >> , I guess so the reason I asked about a cost is because that's a really big consideration when you're producing hydrogen. And so my second question was then sort of following on from that whether you think that this is going to be the technology you know that we're going to use in the future for producing hydrogen. >> Yeah I think so because as of the moment right they only have electrolysis and so what do their goal is to become the pioneer in hydrogen economy because it's not really very famous in other countries yet. So in order to reach that goal right they have to have like a lot of sources to produce hydrogen. So now they only have electrolysis. So if they add one more then of course they will be able to massproduce hydrogen. So yeah I think I think yeah that this is the future for producing hydrogen. Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Answer your question. >> Thank you. So, do we have more question or concern for Jonathan? If we don't, I'm happy to just move on to the next presentation. All right, let's move on to the next presentation. So, thank you very much, Jonathan. So, I think the next video is going to be presented by Caleb. So, and the title for his video is the acid sea. Caleb, could you please present your video? >> Yep. Hold on. I'm just trying to find the screen. >> No worries. The ocean. An absolutely beautiful and stunning ecosystem teameming with life. Life so vastly different to ours, yet so similar. These alien creatures have to adapt and deal with what seems like an entirely different planet. A planet so hostile to us that we ought to have been able to travel there without the use of expensive state-of-the-art equipment. And even then, we're not safe. Preserving and protecting this other world is of utmost importance. And what better way to do that than to tackle one of the biggest threats the ocean has ever seen, the horrifying phenomenon of ocean acidification. Ocean acidification at a base level is the name given to the gradual acidification of the ocean's waters over an extended period by the absorption of excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. This is based on the pH scale. PH is a logarithmic measure of how acidic or basic a given aquous subject is from 0 to 14 where the lower the number, the more acidic the solution. During the industrial revolution, the pH of the ocean was measured at 8. 2. 2 and in 2021 it was measured at 8. 1. This 0. 1 decrease may seem like a small change, but scientists say that this is roughly a 30% increase in the ocean's acidity in just over 200 years. As CO2 enters the water, it begins to mix and dissolve to a point where it can actually react with the water, the H2O molecules to create a substance called carbonic acid. Upon the eventual dissociation of carbonic acid, it releases two ions, one of which is a hydrogen plus ion. In pH theory, these free hydrogen plus ions are directly responsible for acidity levels within a solution, driving down the pH and affecting the various senses of marine fauna like sight, smell, and even affecting fertility. This is also one of the main causes of coral bleaching. The second substance released upon dissociation are bicarbonate ions. Calcium carbonate is a crucial molecule for underwater creatures, particularly marine calcifiers such as crabs, lobsters, clams, starfish, and even marine snails, which use this molecule as a building block to create their shells and skeletons. Carbonic acid steals the carbonate from the water from them, forcing it to react with itself rather than any calcium ions to create bicarbonate, which is an entirely useless molecule and only serves to impede marine calcifiers, making their shells and skeletons extremely weak and brittle, able to break with merely the turn of a finger. How can a person stop something of this caliber? That's just the thing. We can't. Not on our own, anyway. This is something that is destroying our oceans all over the world. I ran a little survey with some people I know from all parts of society and out of 24 people, only five had ever heard of ocean acidification before. And only three of those five actually knew what it was. The lack of knowledge about something so crucial is likely one of the reasons it's running so rampant today. And with countries like Australia still depending on fossil fuels for power, only more carbon dioxide is going to be pumped into the atmosphere to accelerate this process further. The best thing an individual like yourself can do to try and combat this situation is to try and reduce your carbon footprint by eating less meat, using less energy, conserving your water, and more. But to make a real change, the best thing that we as a team can do is to act on climate change policy. Join a campaign and support various organizations based on dealing with the issue. The need for a real concrete solution is now. Are you doing what you can to make that happen? Thank you so much for listening and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. Nice. It was very inspiring. Thank you very much Clay Lip. So now we are open to the judges and for a moment I was thinking as a human what we are doing to the environment do you know I don't know if u the microorganism or the other do you know the plants or animals they can talk what do they talk about us as a human anyway let's open to the judges I can see Jane do you want to start >> I do thank you Kell for really wonderfully produced video there. I have to say two things. One thing I learned something. So thank you for that. I was probably one of those people if you had surveyed me I would have been in the negative. I would not have known about the acidification of the ocean. So thank you for teaching me something today. I think also the other thing that you did really well was the call to action. It was very clear and it was very striking as to you were very upfront and said this is what we need to do with humans to make a difference. So I congratulate you on that. It was a very strong message and I think that carried through throughout your video presentation. So thank you for that. Well done. >> Thank you. >> Thank you Alan. >> Yeah I was going to second that. I think a very strong call to action which is always great. I think the so just look at my notes. I enjoyed the production choice and particularly some of the graphics or imagery that you used. Keen to know did you do that or was that by ne if I saw a logo hanging around there which was very helpful but either way it was all married together very well. I will point out that the your choice of water in the audio as a in the background that was inspired. I mean that was a really nice touch that I only caught about 30 seconds I think after you started bringing it in. So that was really excellent and I suddenly realized I was listening to water as just such a more immersive trick to storytelling but it did make a profoundly impactful point. So, so just specifically asking about your graphics. , but then also just be balanced in use of emotion and alarmist. It's such a fine line. If you want to get the heart, you've got to go the emotion. That's how you get your call to action. Too much and it's paralyzing. So, it's a really fine balance. I think you did a really good job with that. But just always be mindful in your work when you use it. It is the most powerful way to get people on board. But too much and you can have the opposite effect. >> Awesome. Thank you guys. >> All right. So, okay. So, if that was something that we had from the judges. Okay. Now let's move on to the last presentation and I would like to invite Eggbal to present the video and the title of this video is tobacco legislation in Malaysia. An average of 60 million people