code for each segment, time it according to my audio. Then I would use a screen catcher software to take that recording, put in Adobe Rush, crop it, get rid of the bits that you don't need, and just add the audio that way. And that's just how I managed to get it all to work. Some of the stuff is very done only because Scratch works. Like that the box of plastic material that is randomized. That is completely random. If you put the if you re-record it, you get a completely different box of plastic. >> Ah, that's cool. >> Thank you. >> All right. So, I guess that's the right time for minutes. And Matthew, thank you very much. So if you were able to inspire one of the two of our judges and I'm sure Jane is agree with the other judges so then that's is a good start. Thank you very much. So I guess we are looking for science students who are creative and well done. Thank you very much. >> Thank you very much. >> All right. So now I would like to actually invite the second competitor who is Julian from Sarowak and his topic is about the discovery of the therapeutic drugs against cervical cancer a machine learning driven approach. Let's hear about your project. >> All right, let me share the screen. I'm Julian Gunningha and I'm in my final year studying biotechnology at Swinburn University of Technology. Did you know that most cervical cancers are caused by a virus? Almost all cervical cancers are caused by a doublestranded DNA virus which is the human papilloma virus commonly known as HPV. There are two types of HPV which are high-risk HPV such as HPV 18 and HPV 16 and low-risk HPV types such as HPV 6 and HPV 11. The high-risk HPV types are responsible for over 90% of all cervical cancers. These high-risk HPV types enter the body through skin abrasions and can persist for a lengthy period of time causing the progression towards cervical cancer. In 2018 alone, about 300,000 deaths were caused due to HPV related cervical cancers globally. Although the natural T- cell mediated immune responses are able to clear high-risk HPV types out of the body within a span of 2 years, this is not the case for individuals suffering from immune compromised conditions such as HIV. HIV destroys T-Her cells which in turn reduce T- cell mediated response sensitivity towards high-risisk HPV types. Therefore, HPV can persist and cause cervical cancer in these individuals at a higher rate. But is there a way to prevent yourself from contracting HPV? Yes, there is. Vaccines such as gardasil and cervics are able to provide protection against HPV infections but they do not clear the virus in individuals who are already infected. Therefore, there is a need for the development of a therapeutic vaccine to combat HPV infections. The ideal way to develop a therapeutic drug would be to target HPV viral proteins that are responsible for viral replication. By doing this, the spread of the virus in tissues can be stopped. But have you ever wondered how long such a vaccine would take to come about to the market? To develop a vaccine, it takes multiple years before it reaches the market. Intensive research, efficacy, and safety measures takes a long time with conventional drug discovery processes. But what if I tell you that this process can be accelerated to develop drugs against HPV? Machine learning and computational methods have been proven and been in frequent use by scientists to design drugs faster by determining potential drug candidates using pre-existing data. This would allow scientists to only test potential drug candidates without relying on trial and error methods. Machine learning can also be used to analyze drug efficacy and safety using simulations before being administered into animal models of actual patients. The recent COVID 19 outbreak saw many scientists using machine learning methods and models to develop and propose antiviral drugs faster than ever before. Same principles can be implemented to develop and design drugs against HPV infections. Machine learning has its disadvantages as well. Unless relevant data is used to develop the machine learning models, the expected outcome would be different. This would make the process more complex. Therefore, it is important to get hold of relevant data. Rapidly developing therapeutic drugs against HPV infections will help around 200 million people knowingly or unknowingly infected with HPV to combat future cervical cancers. This in turn would help women in local communities to live a healthier and a longer life. Let's get together and say no to cervical cancer. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you. Thank you so much Julian. So now I can see Alan Duffy is also join us. Good afternoon Alan. Andh yeah so thank you Alan. So now we are open to the judges for the question for the comment for feedback. >> Yeah I actually want to ask a specific technical question. So thank you for the very nice video that you've raised my interest about machine learning and I really wanted to know more about the specifics regarding machine learning for HPV. Is there anything that presents a particular challenge to this HPV you know potential use case versus the other kinds of drug discovery that you mentioned before? Yeah, actually the data that you find on most of the databases are very limited for HPV because so far when I actually checked on the literature there's only like a limited number of studies that have been done using machine learning for HPV in fact there was only one so the amount of data that you have on most of the compounds that are already been tested in laboratory conditions are very limited. So those are the drugs that you had to use in order to predict new compounds of the same nature. So but if you consider ones like HIV there are loads of data like huge databases and huge data sets but for HPV it's very limited. So we have to replicate a lot of chemical information to make the data sets bigger to reduce the errors of prediction. >> Okay. All right. Thank you. That's Yeah, that's that's fascinating. You've really picked my interest on this one. So, great. From that perspective, this video has done its job. Thank you. >> Thank you, Alan. Virginia, >> thank you. I agree. I thought that was really good. I very much enjoyed it and learned a lot. So, that was great. At the end, you're saying, "Let's say no to cervical cancer and let's get on board. " So, what's the message there? What's the what's the call out that you're asking us to do? >> Well, there is no therapeutic vaccine currently. No any like there are no therapeutic treatment at all for cervical cancer only like prophylaxis which means it's prevention. So like people should know and try and take actions to prevent it beforehand. But if you're already infected then you just have to rely on your natural immune responses to clear it off. But that is not the case for some people. So everyone should be informed of this so that there is better funding for therapeutic drugs against HPV infections and like generally they say by 2090 the number of cervical cases can be reduced by 90%. But we can't wait till 2090. So it's just in the present there is no solution. So the best way is to go for therapeutic vaccines >> if you're already infected. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. Thank you >> Jane. I see your turn on your audio. >> Yes. Thank you. And thank you Julian for a very interesting topic actually. And I was just curious more about why there weren't the use of machine learning for this topic. Actually, it would have been interesting to explore if there were particular reasons for that lack of data that you said is one of the dependencies that you have. It might been interesting just to find out a bit more if there were any constraints around that area. But no, very interesting topic. Thank you. Well let's say for an example in Australia, the US and most of the developed nations the spread of cervical like I mean HPV is very limited because everyone's like they know what's happening around and how to stay away from contracting the viruses but when you take the developing world no one actually knows about it and it's more like a taboo topic to talk about these things. So the prevalence is very high. So most of the funding that comes in for most of the research to test these drugs experimentally in a laboratory setting are from like the US, Australia and the European Union. So there's not much need from them to focus more on developing a therapeutic