likely it will not be bigger than that. And then again once you're happy with your settings again feel free to go with automatic or one of the presets. You don't have to worry about all of that really. Again presets are good. Just click on the export button. It will take a few minutes to export depending on how complicated your project is and how many transitions and effects you have and it will export to basically yes you can also change the destination here of course and it will export to that destination. So maybe you know grab a lunch while it's exporting and then you will have your video file and also make sure that you actually view the video file before uploading it. Just may you know sometimes you can export and then you will realize there was maybe one of the audio tracks muted or one of the video tracks are healing. So you just want to make sure that nothing happens and you can always click on edit to go back to the editor. The project is itself is saved in the rush rushes file rash's folder sorry I don't know what I'm saying in the rush's folder on your hard drive but it's also saved in the creative cloud so you will not be able to find this project because unfortunately this software it really hides its projects it's kind of inaccessible but again if you make sure that it's linked to creative cloud it will be backed up and if you need to you know if something happens to your computer will not be lost. Yeah. Are there any other questions at this point? I know that we're already over time, so apologies about that. But like anything else you'd like me to go over? Thank you very much Tiana. So if you can just let us know that if a students they need to do you know practice of course there are a lot of the features that you try to touch base and thank you very much for introducing all of these option but depend on what is the present what is the presentation and how we are going to collect the data you know data images audio and all of those I think the script of talking so I think all of So we need to practice and if we need to do you know ask a question when is the drop in session for Adobe coaches? >> Yes we run them 12:30 to 2:30 Monday to Friday. If you could just maybe book a session like you know at least a day in advance for instance Monday for Tuesday or Tuesday for Wednesday that would be ideal because for instance if you book it like 10 minutes in advance sometimes we might miss an email. So, I mean, we're obviously trying not to, >> but just a fair warning, it's best to give us some time to catch up, but yes, 12:30 to 2:30, no, 12:30 to 2, but so we have four sessions per day and each session is 30 minutes long. So, you know, there is plenty of time to kind of go over anything you need to go over. >> Thank you. I guess this provide an opportunity for any students in communication for scientists unit or anywhere you are located at Swimburn in Australia in Malaysia. So if you have a assessment if you are interested in a start talking we are inviting you all to come with a start talking and share your STEM passion or STEM you know idea or solution with the social impact. Remember we need to act as a science communicator. So this is COVID 19 was a great example of what community needs the right information for the action. So I guess we are in contact with Adobe coaches. So we are going to send you an email with the evaluation of today's workshop and that is always help us to set up the next workshop hopefully next year coming back with this workshop again. And of course we are hoping if you are interested in a start talking please share your talking point with us. I am here to provide you the feedback. We had our students in past that now they're improve and they actually come to be confident to use of Adobe rush and I'm amazed with the inspiring video that they created. So remember the due date. So we are talking about the anything that you can create a 4minut video for 400 bucks and story of success and an recognizing by emerging leaders program and of course the showcase is on 14th of October at 4:30 p. M. You're all invited. It is open to the public and students who are going to choose to complete. You need to submit four minute video by 11 Monday 11th of October. And the Adobe coaches I'm make sure with the Tatiana and Judia from the Adobe coaches. So they are they are amazing. They help us a lot. I mean help us. I think they are here to help you. So and I'm sure that during week nine we might have more students Tatiana that they need your help and your support because they come across this kind of practice and they done this so they might come with more questions. So don't forget that you have this option and this opportunity to ask the Adobe coaches. They are fantastic and thank you so much Tatiana again. Thank you and again apologies for some lags that caused some delays. That was very much unexpected. So sorry about that. >> Thank you very much. I think we all experience working in the digital environment and the speed of internet is not something that we can decide. So you did very well. So we learn about all of these features and the audio the all of the effects and everything that we can use. So I'm hoping that everyone can practice before you forget. Thank you very much.