# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Adobe Rush (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

preview all the files you have in your project at the moment. So your project assets this is also your sequence. So sequence is actually like the timeline you're editing in. Otherwise those are all your files and you can see them all here. Also again while it's logging feel free to drop any questions obviously in the chat and I will do my best to address them when there is a pause. But okay so this is your main timeline you will be editing in. And obviously pre obviously Raj already arranges your files in the order you imported them in. But if you want to rearrange your files just feel free to you can always click on any file and just click and drag it and drop it between the clips you want it located in between. , so it will automatically snap into place. There will not be any gaps left in place. The garage will automatically make sure that everything is snapped together. , so this blue thing it's called playhead. And playhead shows where you are, which frame you're currently viewing. You can move it like that to obviously , kind of preview your project. And if you want to play a bad, you can obviously click on this play button or you can or you can click on the space button on your keyboard. It's a very simple shortcut. I would just recommend using space. So there little buttons next to your timeline underneath your timeline. They're called expand audio and control tracks. So I would recommend enabling them because that will just give you a bit more functionality. So if you use expand audio like I just did. It will show you if a video has an audio track attached to it, it will show that audio track underneath immediately. Otherwise you don't know if video has audio or not. So I would recommend keeping it on. And this is this button is called control tracks. And it just gives you a few functions next to tracks. So it allows you to hide video or mute audio. Just keep in mind that it's not just a function for preview. If you export your video while this is hidden or this is muted. Sorry. This is muted. This is the one I should say. It will actually import with without you know without images or without audio. You can also click and drag your clip kind of upwards the video clip upwards and it will create a next video track. So what it premiere oh sorry I keep saying Premiere but Rush will automatically play the clip which is positioned on the top of all the other clips. It will be the clip which is automatically previewed and which is automatically played. However, as I will show you later, if you lower its opacity or kind of move it around, it will actually show both clips which is on top and which is underneath. , and again the end refuses to preview it because it decided to lag today. So I do apologize about that. But once you're happy, for instance, if you're happy with this particular track and you really want to make sure that the clip stays in place and you don't move it around accidentally, you can use this lock button next to the clip and you will no longer be able to move it around. If you want to move it around, just click on the lock button again and it will unlock it and you will be able to move it. >> , can I ask you one question and I see there is one question from Metal in the chat room. So now you're talking about the different layers of the you know you know the sources. So let's say a students wants to talk about the science challenge >> or any topic they want to talk and then they want to present a different layer of the video or image or a table or a you know screenshot of the manuscript. So and at the same time the audio is actually they are talking as well. So is that possible how the audio and the student and like a presenter and the visual file is going to be matched together in three layers. >> So let's say this is our main file. So as you can see this file has audio. This is actually an empty audio. But let's just imagine for a second that this is a speaker. So obviously it's it's not actually a speaker, but if it was, just feel free to kind of drop your main video file with yourself talking about the topic on the main track on track number one. And then if you have anything you want to show while you're talking, you can drag those clips to track number two or track number three and lay them on top of one another like Peter said, like and you can place them in place. So when the video comes to this point it will show that video evidence like images or other audio other video files you added but the audio will keep playing so the audio will not be interrupted. So video and audio they're kind of independent of one another. So even though the video will be hidden the audio will continue playing. So don't try to like cut yourself. Just keep yourself on track number one and then add any other videos separately on top of yourself. It will be much easier. Another thing is that so you can see that a few clips here have audio and a few of those audio tracks are actually empty and this audio track is not empty as you can see by that waveform underneath. So you can always zoom in using plus and minus buttons on your keyboard or you can just drag your mouse to this bar under the timeline and zoom in and out you know just clicking and dragging here. And then obviously you can scroll use your mouse wheel to scroll through your timeline so to speak. But if you want to have this audio kind of previewed while you're scrubbing through the video, you can you can go a sequence here and you will have the setting play audio while scrubbing which I think it's very useful. So while you're previewing your track just by moving your playhead like that, you will be actually able to hear the audio like that. So it might be it be discarding maybe for you then feel free to go back to sequence and disable play audio while scrubbing. If you don't want the audio so for instance you imported the video you want to use as evidence for something you are talking about but this video comes with an audio clip which you don't need. You can right click on that video file and you will see separate audio. So expand audio just means show that it has the audio but we already expanded the audio for all tracks here. And separate audio means that now you will be able to move audio track independently. It appears on the audio track here and now you can move it around or you can delete it. So to delete a track you can click on the delete button here or you can use backspace or delete on the keyboard. Both of them work. So it will still show that the audio exists underneath the clip but it will be now grayed out. So it will not play. If the video you're using goss for too long. So for instance you started recording yourself. You know, you have all that like tapping on the screen while when you started recording maybe on your phone or maybe you made a mistake and you want to cut it out. You can always move the playhead this clip to play for it entire duration. So just move playhead where you want to make a cut and you can use this scissors tool to make a cut and it will automatically cut it. So you don't need to click anywhere just click on scissors it will automatically make a cut or you can use S on your keyboard as a shortcut. And again click on the part of the clip you don't need and click back space or delete and everything will snap back into place. Or you can also download the clip. So for instance maybe you want to create a title sequence and every time the title appears you want to do the same. I will show you how to create titles in a second but you can select any clip video clip image title and click on this duplicate u button and it will create a duplicate here. And you can play with them separately. So maybe you want this clip