# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Adobe Rush (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

some fact or images to explain my science challenge. Then I want to talk about solution. So something that it's going to be in different sections. So if I want to add in something like a slide but with the text >> how that can be selected is that from the backgrounds that you mentioned with the >> So what we can do is either you can look for some presets of text which have a background like this one very relevant for our pride week. It already comes with a background. Alternatively, you can either add a solid background and obviously drag and drop it where you need it and add text on top of the background, you know, change the duration for however long you need, , etc. Or you can import an image. So maybe you created an image yourself or you downloaded an image which is royalty-ree , and creative comments preferably which is royaltyree means that you still have to pay for advance. , creative comments means that it's free. And then again just download it in the project like any other image and just add text on top of it. But also this text so for instance this text already comes with this kind of animation. And again there are many presets. So maybe you find something you like. But if you don't find anything you like what you can do just t type in basic and we'll just come with this basic default title or basic title on background. So I already have my background. Solo just go with basic default title. It has no animation. It has like no fancy effects. But for instance, what you can do is you can actually animate it yourself. So again, let's say we have our title, we choose the font we like and again as students you can actually add Adobe fonts for free. There are many fonts. You might have to like input them in the creative cloud software first, but you can choose the font you can choose the font style where you will have stuff like bold or light obviously you know all that you don't have you don't have underlined here for some reason but there are some underlined texts and presets you can change the color you can change the outline you can add drop shadow and change opacity of drop shadow you can make multiple changes to how you want your text to look. But once you do all that, you can also go to effects transitions. And for instance, let's say we add wipe, right? So there are some obviously wipes in the presets, but maybe you're not happy with any presets you have. So you just add the wipe up transition. You change its duration, maybe something like that, and it will add the animation. So for some reason when it starts as animation the beginning is just empty. So there is nothing here. It takes a few seconds to appear. So you might want to kind of move your text so that it actually appears when you want it to appear or you can use the scissors to t to cut the beginning off. But then no you can't do it unfortunately in rush. Sorry about that. You can do it in Premiere, but you can't do it in Rush because then it just deletes the entire effect. , but yes, then you can just kind of move it around so that the text appears when it's supposed to. But here you go. You just added the animation yourself. >> There is no limitation on the number for the number of the words that we can add to this white to this background. >> No limitation. , obviously, you know, if you have too many words, make sure that your font is small enough to actually fit it on the screen. And keep in mind that the more words you have also the longer you want to keep them on screen because if you know the text, it's faster for you to read it. If the viewer doesn't know the text, it will take longer for them to read it. So, just keep that in mind. And can you please one more time show us where you did you use the font for adding you know what was the font that you use >> to choose for adding the text. No worries. So you can either click on this button just you know and select everything click on this button and then go to add graphics add graphic or you can click on this bit plus button and say add the graphics and here it says graphics several figure and then you will be presented with this screen and you can change browse all the titles transition graphics or overlays or saved if you saved something I haven't saved anything But, you know, if you like something, you can add it to your favorites. , and then you will be able to just kind of browse everything all the presets they have. Or you can always type in what you're looking for and just hope that it comes with comes up comes up with something. And again, once you like something, , click and drag or click once and say add. And if you just click once and say add let me say basic again. So for instance I want to add basic title. So I can just position the playhead where I want the text to appear. Click once click add and it will add the text where my playhead is. And once you're done just click on the close button. And again I guess we need to know when we assemble all of these audio, video, images, text how they are going to be you know come to a let's say 4m minute video and how they are going how we are going to share those. >> so okay let me just quickly answer the question from chat first. So the text works just like any other video clip. Can just double click on it and drag it around to whenever you want. Just make sure that sometimes some screens might just crop the video a little bit. So don't, you know, don't drag it to like the very side of your video because it might get cropped. Or otherwise you don't also use the crop and rotate button again just like anything else. All clips whether it's again text video images they behave in the exact same way and even audio behaves in a very similar way apart from the fact that it's obviously audio but yeah once you're happy with your video probably not this but once you're happy with your video click on the share button and this is where you can actually save it so you can directly import it to YouTube, Facebook, Instagram or Behance. But that is probably not something you want to do. Even if you want to upload it to YouTube, I would recommend saving it first. , so save to local. Again, by default, it will be the destination chosen. , name your clip. It will save as MP4 as an MP4 file. , you can go to advanced settings. So, by default, everything will be automatically linked to the clips you imported. So it will keep all the settings from the clips. But you can also use one of the presets. So for instance, YouTube 1080p which is probably like a very popular preset which is something you will see on YouTube a lot. And it will give you the resolution for that although you can make further changes. The frame rate so frame rate in Australia is actually 25 frames per second but for YouTube it doesn't really matter. It can be 30 frames per second. Audio channels you can change stereo to mono. Probably keep it stereo. And quality. So u by default it will be either high, medium or low. If you don't choose any presets go with high if you have enough space. But if you do need a small file maybe you can try medium. I wouldn't recommend low. It will show you the estimated file size as well. It's not 100% accurate but it's kind of accurate. Most likely it will not be bigger than that. And then again once you're happy with your settings again feel free to go with automatic or one of the presets. You don't have to worry about all of that really. Again presets are good. Just click on the export button. It will take a few minutes to export depending on how complicated your project is and how many transitions and effects you have and it will export to basically yes you can also change the destination here of course and it will export to that destination. So maybe you know grab