# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Adobe Rush (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

to Tiana sorry I'm a bit difficult for me but I guess patiana to teach us about the Adobe rush And we would like to know about you Tatiana to see how you are you know going to teach us about the Adobe Rush. If you can introduce yourself that would be nice. Thank you. >> Thank you so much Bita. So yeah my name is Tatiana. I am a Swinbun graduate myself. I studied screen production at Swinburn and I graduated in July and I found a job as one of the Adobe coaches at Swinbon. So I know that beta will probably give you all the links you need if you need to get in touch with us. But I will also just copy them in the chat right now in case you know some people obviously don't check their emails very often. So if you need to get in touch with us those are our contact details. So I'll probably start by just very quickly showing you how to download Adobage if you haven't yet and if you don't know how to do it. , so I hope you can see it. , so when you just open the Adobe website, you will be prompted to login. So I'm already logged in, but you will be able to log in here. So login using your Swinbun Swindon username and Swindon password and obviously as a Swinbun student you have access to all Adobe apps for free which is quite amazing. So if you're prompted to choose and that is very important if you're prompted to choose whether you want to log in your studio in your personal account or in your school account choose school. So it might be kind of count intuitive. You might think that, you know, it's your personal account, but you have to choose school. Otherwise, you might not have access to all the apps and all the functions, but once you log in, if you click on those like little nine little squares, you can click on creative cloud here. And it might take a few seconds for Adobe to redirect you to the next page, but I already have it open, so please let me know if you can't see the next page. And once you are redirected to the next page, you can download apps from here. But I would recommend installing Creative Cloud for desktop first because otherwise again you might not have access to all functions if you don't like Adobe Fonts and just you know those nice little perks you get. So if you install Creative Cloud from here and then you launch the app again logging in using this Window username and password, you will be able to install Adobe Rush from there. So again should be simple. If you have any issues or questions feel free to contact us. But yes just please don't use a personal account. But once you install Brush once you open Rush this is the window you will see. So just to let you know Adobe Rush is a software which is tailored to the needs of people who are not video editors. It is very simple. It is very intuitive as I'm sure you will see. Unlike the flagship kind of video editing software Adobe provides which is Premiere Pro Raj doesn't have perhaps that much functionality but it lets you do pretty much everything you need and again it should be quite simple. So click on this big blue button to create a new project and you will be able to choose a folder where your assets are located and once you see your video assets. So I imagine you will have for instance like a recording of yourself talking about your chosen topic for this assignment or maybe some images some other video files you have downloaded and again Peter will provide you to leave some links to the website you can use for free images and stuff like that but just click on all the videos and images and media assets you want to import in your project and once you do you will be able to select the order in which you want to organize them. So, you will be able to rearrange them later on, but you can already decide in which order you want to organize them. , make sure that sync with Creative Cloud is ticked so you can continue editing your project on your mobile device and that it's automatically backed up. , obviously name your project. Don't have any untitled projects on your drive. We don't want that. , you can also make other changes to your project settings by clicking on this little settings button. , so you can change the aspect ratio of your project. Otherwise, it will be automatically kind of tailored to the media assets you selected. , you can also add some other neat functions which I will talk a bit more about later, but for now I'll just leave them unticked. Click okay and click on this big blue create button. It will take probably a few seconds for your assets to load especially if you're sharing the screen. Otherwise it should be a bit faster. But the project will be automatically saved and it will be automatically linked to Creative Cloud. So you don't have to worry about saving it yourself. And >> meanwhile loading is that possible for you like I've noticed that all of the images that you've selected it was already in the Adobe Rush. So if a students create some of the slides or take some of the images let's say from the free images from Adobe Stock so or something that is relevant to their topic. So they need to download it through the Adobe Rush. That is where they can select it the way that you selected. >> No sorry. So when I selected it I just kind of opened a media explorer. So I was already in the folder where all my assets were located. But yeah you can always select you can always select a different folder. So you can go to documents or to an external drive if you have an external drive collected and just kind of select the folder where your files are and then just select them from there. So it's more convenient if you have all assets in one folder. Otherwise you can always like you can still export them from different folders but it's more convenient this way. So make sure to just like put all of them in one folder and again your project is automatically saved. So as you see I clicked on the home button and u my project was already there as one of the latest projects. But once you download all your assets in into rush this is the screen you will be presented with and again apologies for all those delays. For the record I'm using my work computer so it shouldn't do that but it still does it. , so you will have all your tools on the left hand side or rather like all your tools for editing the clips. Then you will have more advanced tools on the right hand side and you will also have a few tools for importing and exporting in the top leftand corner. So again I already showed if you click on the home button you are redirected to the homepage. The share button is for exporting and saving your video. Which I will be talking about later and editing panel is where we are like now. So editing is obviously for editing your project. If you want to import more assets. So for instance you know you started editing your project and you recorded another video or you downloaded another photo and you want to upload it to your project. Just click on this big blue plus button and change sorry choose your media and again you will be presented with this kind of media explorer window. So again you can choose the folder where your assets are located and choose the file which you want to add and just click add. And once it's imported feel free to close this window using just like that. You can also click on this button to preview all the files you have in your project at the moment. So your project assets this is also your sequence. So sequence is actually like the timeline you're editing in. Otherwise those are all your files and you can see them all here. Also again while it's logging feel free to drop any questions obviously in the chat and I will do my best to address them when there is a pause. But okay so this is your main timeline you will be editing in. And obviously pre obviously Raj already arranges your files in the order you imported