# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Adobe Rush (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

on the part of the clip you don't need and click back space or delete and everything will snap back into place. Or you can also download the clip. So for instance maybe you want to create a title sequence and every time the title appears you want to do the same. I will show you how to create titles in a second but you can select any clip video clip image title and click on this duplicate u button and it will create a duplicate here. And you can play with them separately. So maybe you want this clip to go short for sure. You can play with it separately. If you move your but your mouse pointer to one of the ends of the clip, your mouse will become this kind of yellow arrow. So you can also instead of just cutting the clip, you can change its duration like that, clicking and dragging and it will obviously kind of still cut but it's just a bit easier. So, you know, it will cut the beginning or the end of the clip. , and it's not non-destructive. So, if you want to bring back what you just cut out, you can click on it again and drag the other way and you will be able to bring back the entire clip. I will stop sharing the video just because , as you have probably noticed, my computer is a bit , slow. So, again, apologies about that. But this is kind of all the functions you have on the left hand side. Just before I jump into more advanced functions, are there any questions about that? Is there anything like that clearly? Is it just fancy and more in depth movie maker? Well to an extent it's more in depth and it's more fancy. But yes, again, if you're looking for like a much more fancier and much more in-depth software, then again, Premier Pro would be the one for you. But I imagine that for this assignment, Adobe Rush is much more suitable and much easier to use. >> And I have one more question. So can you remind us how we can record our audio from this page that you are showing us? >> Yes. I will and just clarify my question. Let's say I am going to record a video when I'm working in the lab of a setting or an experiment that is running with a noise background. So the video 30 seconds has a noise. I want to remove that noise and I want to talk in that 30 second what is this setup is? >> Okay. So yes that is something I definitely don't cover right now. So you can recreate audio in this software. So for instance like Peter said if you need to redo your voice over or if you need to add additional voice over. So there are two ways to do it. You can click on this little microphone button. If you if you use this button to control tracks then you will be able to see your audio tracks and you can click on this little microphone button or alternatively you can click on this big plus button here and say audio. Oh no sorry voice over. I don't say audio say voice over. It changed in the recent update. Either way the microphone button on one of the tracks will change to this record button. So once you click on it the countdown will start and after that you can make your recording of the your voice over and pretty much say anything you need to say and once you finished click on the stop button here. So it will create this audio track. It will not be tied to any video clips. You will be able to move it around how however you want. Again, you can zoom in to see it better. , you can kind of move it like that for instance. Again, if you know if you have any mouse clicks in the recording or anything like that, just like a video clip, you can use those arrows to change it duration. You can use scissors to cut it. You can duplicate it. The same applies if you want to go into more advanced settings. Some more advanced settings are on the right hand side. This button is to give feedback to Adobe. So you probably don't need that. But let's start with audio and then I'll show you some advanced settings for video as well. Can we add small Sorry, I'll just I'm just looking at the chat. Yes, absolutely. So you can drop an image on top of your video and as I will show you in a second, you can move it around. , so you can just drop your image on the second track and then, you know, move it to where you want it to start. Maybe you want it to start here. Also, a nice thing is that if you have a play head on the frame where you want it to start and then you move the clip, it will snap to your play frame play head kind of. So, just make sure that you know you select the frame where you want it to start and then you can easily snap the image there. , so hopefully it helps. Just make sure that it has a transparent background if it's something like a circle because otherwise it will come with like a white thing in between. , which you pro which is probably not something you want. , but yeah, we go to advanced settings. So here you can change kind of make more advanced changes to your media. So, you have a few settings here, five to be precise. And this little waveform is for audio, but also if you just hover your mouse pointer above any of those buttons, it will show you what it does. So, you don't have to like memorize it. But this one is for audio. So, you can click on it, select the audio clip you want to make changes to. Advanced functions, it will probably look like that by default. So you can change the audio the clip volume. By default I think it will be at 50. But maybe you know maybe you don't want it to be that loud. Maybe it's actually too loud, too quiet. You can make changes. It doesn't have to be the voice over. It can be any clip. It can be a clip which you know comes with your video. You can still make changes to your audio. You can mute it if you want. You know for instance if you just want to mute one clip but you don't want to delete it. You don't want to mute the entire track. Maybe you know you just want to mute it for now. Advanced settings allow you to make more precise changes. So rush kind of tries its best to understand what type of audio it is. So for instance it understood that this was actually voice over. But if it's not sometimes it's not very good in understanding it. So for instance, this music under the clip with piece, it actually thinks it's voice over, but it's music. So you can always change it here. Change type music or other. And depending on the type of the audio you are using, you will have different kind of settings. So music for instance you can use auto out of dark function which just kind of means that music gets quieter when there is another track audio track overlaid on top of it like voice over which is very nice and very easy but I will not go into detail with music because I know that you don't need to add music for this assignment. So with audio auto volume on just kind of means that Raj is trying to make your volume perfect so that it's not too loud, it's not too quiet. Balance sound just you know again it's trying to kind of balance it so that there are no peeps anywhere like in between. You can try to reduce background noise if you have it. Reduce echo or enhance pitch depending on whether it's high pitch or lower pitch and reduce acro and reduce background noise allows you to control the intensity of the effect. So it can be it can sound very artificial if you apply those effects. It actually it actually did a nice job to reduce background noise for this one. Sometimes if there is too much noise and you're trying to get rid of it, it might begin to sound artificial to just kind of always play it back first and make sure that it doesn't sound too bad. Again, it doesn't sound too bad. It's a nice job. So, I'm very happy