add animation to videos unfortunately at this point again as far as I know. So you can change speed of your video. So that's kind of a nice thing. So for instance, maybe you want to show the entire video. You don't want to crop it, but you want it to be a bit faster. You can change the speed. So maybe you want it to go for like twice as fast. And you can also change the speed of an individual part of the video. So you don't have to change the speed of the entire video. Just by dragging this little blue kind of header headers or just by dragging them here, you can change which part of the clip is sped up or slowed down. And if you click on ram here, it will also kind of make sure that the transition between the slow and fast parts is not as you know sudden, is not as abrupt, it's actually smooth. , regarding referencing, so most stock images do not need to be referenced, but when you download an image, , there is always a license type next to it. So, make sure to check which , license type it is. If you're using standard or extended licenses, you don't need to reference them. If you use a license which is called something like for editorial, you actually do need to reference. Also make sure that you use images from license history using your using your Swindon account because otherwise you will have to pay for them which is probably not ideal. But yes so I will just finish showing with other functions you have. So this is like I showed before crop and rotate to transform the videos. This is audio to transform to make changes to your audio files. This is speed to make changes to the speed of your video clips. This one is colors. You can calibrate your clips. You can choose one of the presets or you can go into more advanced edits in here. To change the exposure, contrast and you know all the similar settings. I will not go into detail on that because we don't have time unfortunately to cover that. But if that is something you're interested in, there are lots of tutorials online or again feel free to book a session with us. There's a this is the effects panel. So you can here you can add pen and zoom to your photos. You can also add auto frame if your clip is bigger than the kind of how do I say the frame the frame of your video. So you can enable it and then you can change how do you actually want it to be reframed. However, I would be a bit careful with this one because it also adds animation often and this animation might not be ideal. So, even though I said you can't add animation to your video, you can add it if your video is bigger than your original frame, but it will be a bit unpredictable. , so I wouldn't I wouldn't use it unless you kind of just test it and it really looks nice. Otherwise just use you know transform function to make sure that you show the part of your video that you actually want to show. And finally you have transitions here. So transitions you know just like in movie maker you can add transitions between the clips. So if you want to add a transition just click and drag between this transition between clips and it will be automatically applied. You can also add a condition on the one side of the clip if there is no clip next to it. And if you zoom in, you can change the duration of a condition just like duration of the clip just by clicking on the condition zooming a bit more and using this arrows to expand it. Or alternatively you can change the duration here. You can also always just click on any number and just manually enter it. So you have a few transitions like wipe up, wipe down, dissolve, deep to black, deep to white. I wouldn't recommend using something like you know slide right just because it's very poweroint 1990 or like 2000 would be more correct way to put it. But something like a dissolve can be a very nice transition especially if you have two clips which are maybe like kind of similar or maybe you want one image to dissolve into another. Again, you can absolutely add the same transitions to images, you can add those transitions to audio files, anything, you know, anything you can think of. Texts like we will show in a second. You can add those transitions. But yes, those are the transitions. You have not too many, but again, you probably don't need something like a book page turning I imagine. And then the final one is graphics. So if you want to add any graphics like titles or actually graphics, this is where you can go and click add graphics or again you can click on this plus button and say add graphics and it will open this panel here where you can check where you can choose what graph you're looking for. So you maybe you're looking for overlays. So it has some nice overlays like a computer screen or maybe you're looking for which you know you can drop drag and drop on top of your images and it will you know obviously appear there and then maybe you might want to scroll like your images or your videos so that it appears underneath your overlay. Probably not something you will be using for this assignment. You have transition graphics which again are just kind of fancy titles and fancy graphics that you can draw drag and drop. So they will be kind of like overlays but with animation. Again something you're probably not looking to use for this assignment but you can obviously just kind of browse what they have. I believe this is also where they have background if so if you just search for background in transition graphics. This is where you can ch choose a basic solid background. So basically, if you're just looking for your text or anything like an image to appear on top of a background, go to go to plus graphics transition graphics and search for background. And then again, you can just drag and drop it to your project. And if you double click on it or if you click on it once and just go to graphics here, you can change its color. So right now it's white. For the sake of time I will not change it color but you know actually okay I will change it color. You can just double click and change choose any color you want. Now it's going to be black. So yes very simple add in background and obviously titles is something you actually want to might want to use. So there are many presets with animation and just you know nice fancy fonts. Maybe you know you want to try something like wipe. Again you know feel free to utilize the search function. You'll have quite a few graphics to choose like text to choose from. Again drag and drop. You can change the duration of your text. It will snap toward the beginning of the clip if that's what if that's is where you want it to start. And then if you double click on your text or you click on it once and click on this little T button, you can make changes to its color. You can change any font you like. And on like in the video itself, you can actually make changes to the text. >> Yes. Again because this is important. I guess can you just brief us about if I'm going to present so I want to come and introduce my topic and then I have some images or maybe short video I can over I can add the audio I can bring all of these effects but if there are some slide or the text in between that it's going to break down my session like I introduced to the science challenge then I bring some fact or images to explain my science challenge. Then I want to talk about solution. So something that it's going to be in different sections. So if I want to add in something like a slide but with the text >> how that can be selected is that from the backgrounds that you mentioned with the >> So what we can do is either you can look for some presets of text which have a background like this one very relevant for our pride week. It already comes with a background. Alternatively, you can either add a solid background