Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the storytelling video by Adobe Rush. So we are here today with a very informative session about using the Adobe Rush. This can be something that you need as part of your assessment in the unit that you are taken or enrolled or it might be something that you would like to improve in terms of your digital skills. Considering nowadays most of the you know some of the even conferences you need to submit your video. So you will really want to present yourself professionally and of course that is aligned with the start talking competition which is coming on 14th of October 2021 is the Swimburn you know local competition for STEM public speaking which is open to all the Swimburn students here in Australia and Sarowak. So there is a poll and you see on the page we want you to take an action on And I invite Janet to just I can see the results. But if Janet, do you want to touch base on the outcome? >> So I'm sharing the poll results. Can you see them? >> Yes, we can see them. Thank you, Janet. >> So do you want to read or I read Janet because we want to move to the next part. >> Okay. So the question was how important is digital literacy for STEM communication and your career? We have 13 of you. So 68% of you are saying it's vital and I want all the tips and advice I can get. 37% of you are saying I know I need to develop my skills but I haven't really thought about it as yet. And no one is saying that they don't think they will need the skills for their career. So that's really pleasing to see that everyone is aware of the importance of digital literacy and also STEM communication. Thank you so much Janet. I know you were working hard to organizing this kind you know events and I wanted you to be part of that. Thank you very much for the outcome and I guess now I would like to go with the acknowledgements of the country. So on behalf of the people who are in this meeting, I know that we have some staff or students from Malaysia, Sarvak, Simburn and in Australia. I would like to respectfully acknowledge the past, present and future traditional owners of the land and respect their culture and identity which has been bounded up with the land and sea for generations. So I guess if I want to brief you about what is planned for today, it's a very short session. That's why we want to make sure that we have an informative session teaching you about Adobe Rush. So our speaker tatana is she's going to explain and introduce herself shortly and she's going to take you to the Adobe rush step by step from the beginning to the end. We had this meeting yesterday and I'm sure that you are going to learn a lot and of course it's it's just a matter of spending some time and practice and applying that and if you don't get chance to answer your question or you don't know about your what question you might have or what concern or problems you might come across. So we have Adobe coaches available that they can provide you all the advices in the drop in session. So I guess the main part of this session is the Adobe Rush training. So I guess there is a so in the beginning I would like to invite you all to watch one minute video and after that I'm going to explain about what is the start topping competition is. So I'm u very honored to say that those students who are here today you might think that this is something that I don't know but the students who were in the second workshop by the way this is the third year that we are running this workshops and this competition. So we observe students progress and students success. So during all of these three years, so students started with a simple application or simple video production, they improve a lot and as a result of that this year in the state STEM public speaking which has a similar approach and criteria for the start talking competition all the three winners they actually the sunburn students so the winner the runnerup and the people's choice they were all swimmer students. So don't think that you so I guess it's just if you passion about the science communication this is where you can use of the technology to share your and communicate your science the way that a community can understand. So that is why we are here with this workshop to do you know to make sure that you receive all of the training and then it's all about your creativity and of course your scientific knowledge that is going to be or even your passion even if you are not in science area you can always be passionate about STEM or science or technology or engineering and you would think that you want to do you know share your science and I think everyone knows that the community knowledge is the very powerful source. People need to know and be aware of the science and we need to showcase some of the technology that they might expect in future. So for purpose of that we are going to learn this Adobe rush but you know that this is video production is something that it can be used everywhere. So I invite you all to watch this one minute of the start talking competition and if you think that you're interested to join us. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. I know that we made this in 2019 in the campus and I think everyone needs to be missing being in a campus. So the first the second workshop that we have now and it's going to be started by Adobe Rush training. It's and then if you're interested to be part of the audience so the showcase live showcase is on 14th of October but if you would like to compete so you are required to submit your talking point up to 300 words outline your STEM idea what references you use and let's say during you know we are here and we are going to support you but it's ideally should be during the week seven and eight. So we have drop in session Adobe coaches helping you with the Adobe rush training during week nine and of course the do you know the submission of 4minut video which is the entry to the competition it's by Monday 11th of October. So if you have anything that you can submit by Monday 11th of October by 5:00 p. M. To my email address you can see it's with a red you know po point in the slide. So you are going to compete and if you're the winner the story of your success is going to be published and there are more than that so we can discuss later I think without any delay I would like to invite patina to Tiana sorry I'm a bit difficult for me but I guess patiana to teach us about the Adobe rush And we would like to know about you Tatiana to see how you are you know going to teach us about the Adobe Rush. If you can introduce yourself that would be nice. Thank you. >> Thank you so much Bita. So yeah my name is Tatiana. I am a Swinbun graduate myself. I studied screen production at Swinburn and I graduated in July and I found a job as one of the Adobe coaches at Swinbon. So I know