# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Adobe Rush (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

lower pitch and reduce acro and reduce background noise allows you to control the intensity of the effect. So it can be it can sound very artificial if you apply those effects. It actually it actually did a nice job to reduce background noise for this one. Sometimes if there is too much noise and you're trying to get rid of it, it might begin to sound artificial to just kind of always play it back first and make sure that it doesn't sound too bad. Again, it doesn't sound too bad. It's a nice job. So, I'm very happy with it. But yes, if you just need to kind of improve your audio, this is where you can give it a go. Again, it's not very advanced, but it will give it, you know, it will do its job. Channels just allows you to mute either the left channel or the right channel of the audio. It will means that the audio is only coming from either the left or right channel, you know, if you're using your headphones or like earbuds. Don't mute them most likely. But if you want to, that's where you can mute them. So that's yes absolutely you can add different voice over files. So if you click on this button again it will start countdown and you can record next audio files. So obviously it started recording while I was still introducing what it does. But again you're happy with it. Click stop and here you go. There are two files. You can change the order in which they organized. You can move it to the next audio track. So just underneath unlike the video it will drop kind of down. You can have them play them at the same time. Maybe it will become a bit chaotic but it will work. Here we go. So yes absolutely you can do that. And again feel free like you can always cut bits out with scissors. You can always like you know maybe you want you're not happy with the you know with the middle of the clip. Maybe you stop there. So just cut it out. Oh sorry I was just make sure that you select your audio clip because automatically it will select the video clip. But, you know, if you need to undo any changes, , control or command, , that obviously works like in any other software. , but here we go. We can just kind of cut it. , move those clips back together. , so yeah, don't feel like you have to do everything in one take or anything like that. When it comes to videos, you can click on this little button or you can just double click on the video and it will also it will also open the same panel which is called transform. So again it gives you kind of mostly basic functions but it gives you what you need basically. So you can move its position on the screen, vertical position, horizontal position. You can rotate it. So for instance, if you have an image, like someone asked in the chat before, you want this image to maybe highlight something in the v video. You can, you know, you can scale your image, you can move your image, you can change the opacity of your image, or you can just double click on it as well here, and you can move it here like that. You don't actually have to do it in the panel. , and if you want to undo any changes to its position after, you know, when you already made something like some other changes and you don't want to just use control Z, just double click on any of those kind of bars and it will reset everything. Image pops up. Yes. So, you can have it you can have it move over time and change it time. I will just show you how to do it in a second. So, you can also crop it using those form kind of bars here in advanced transform advanced or you can do this edge f. It's kind of useless, but it will, you know, make this kind of like a faded film effect. But sorry, when you mean when you say appear side by side with the presenter, so if you have it on the layer above and you just crop it or scale it or just kind of make sure that it doesn't fill the entire screen and you know, you move it basically where you want it to be. Right now it's a video but it can be image, it can be anything. So it will appear side by side. So maybe you know don't scale it. Just keep it kind of bigger and move it to the side where you want it to be. Maybe crop it instead of scaling it and it will be plain at the same time. In terms of moving the image while kind of adding animation to the image. So, it's actually something that was added in the latest update, not the latest update, but one of the updates. Maybe it was added last year. So, you can actually add animation to images. You can't add animation to videos as far as I know in this software, but you can add animation to images. So for instance we have this image here which is very small. With images there is no limit to how long this image is shown for unlike videos because obviously the image never ends so to speak. So you can always change its duration as much as you want. Again like maybe you want to move it to another position. Just click and drag to where you want it to be. Maybe you want it to be on the next level. Kind of next layer. Again, sorry for the delays, but yes, if you click on this arrow, you can change its duration easily. You can change that maybe, you know, maybe you want it to be presented at the same time. And if you click on the speed button, you can always button just give me one second. Oh, if you click on the effects button, apologies. So, if you click on the effects button, you will have this pan and zoom. So, if you remember when we were adding clips to important clips to the software, we actually disabled pan and zoom. By default you can always enable it but otherwise you can just enable pen and zoom and basically what it will do it will add animation for you. So you will have this kind of well you will have pan and zoom you know like it says sorry like that and obviously it will go much smoother probably on your computer and you can also change where like you know what image you see in the beginning and what image you see at the So if you click go to end or go to start, you will see those two frames. And you can, you know, just use this arrow to change its size or just click and drag to where you want this frame to be. And depending on, you know, on what you choose, , it will calculate animation in between the beginning and the end and just cut it to your image. It's quite nice. Also, if you I will just kind of make a little tangent here, but if you go to view preview quality, you can always lower the quality of the preview of your video. So, it will not lower the quality of your actual video, but it will lower the quality of the preview. , if your computer is kind of struggling, is it possible to transform a frame in the video into an image? I don't think it's possible in Premier Rush in Adobe Rush. , you can always just use any kind of video software, video playing software, you know, to stop the image and take a screenshot and save the screenshot as an PNG or JPEG file and then just import it as an image. But as far as I know, there is no way to do it in Russ unfortunately. But yeah, you can add animation to your images. Again, you can't add animation to videos unfortunately at this point again as far as I know. So you can change speed of your video. So that's kind of a nice thing. So for instance, maybe you want to show the entire video. You don't want to crop it, but you want it to be a bit faster. You can change the speed. So maybe you want it to go for like twice as fast. And you can also change the speed of an individual part of the video. So you don't have to change the speed of the entire video. Just by