effective communication played a rec critical role in your career and what advice do you have for your students looking to adopt their communication skills to different audiences? Whether is in academic or in academia or in industry or as an entrepreneur or as a journalist or in for government. So I guess I would like to just anyone is volunteer to start on the this question. So I'm happy. Hugh are you going to be the first one? >> Sure. Always happy to start off. >> I mean look I think you know if I think about it you know I obviously as I said spend a bit of time you know in you know literally a communications role. But broadly speaking you know I think you know certainly most of my job now running a company is absolutely about communicating whether it's to customers whether it's to team members or vendors or suppliers and I think you know a big part of that is that element as you said beta of just like you know you do need to tailor that for the right audience you know the language that we use for customers many of whom you know may not have English as their first language we have team members that have English as their you know second language and things like that and the language we use in that context is very different to the language we might use you know internally you know let's say in an engineering meeting for example you know as compared to a marketing meeting so you know almost all of my life has been sort of I guess stepping in and out of that sort of stuff whether it's writing press releases or dealing with media inquiries or yeah writing things or internal strategy or external strategy and you know things that we obviously use for either marketing or support or anything like that. So all of those pieces I think are kind of key and similarly you know probably a little bit like some of the other speakers here like Andrew I think in particular you know like I've sort of had one of those careers of very sort of random ups and downs at times and a lot of that really has been about you know that element of networking and sort of being I guess in the right place at the right time in some ways but you know you could also just say lucky and I would definitely say I've been very lucky you know and saying yes when you're offered something. So I think that sort of is the second part is to you know communicate and show you that degree of openness and your capacity to communicate and be able to do that. And that's often where I find those opportunities arise. >> Thank you Hugh >> I can kind of okay far away >> so just to add to Hugh's comments I suppose I also see myself as a bit of a translator from different sectors. So universities, government and industry all speak different languages and so one of the key things is knowing your audience and appreciating your audience and just to add to that maybe listening. Listening is a very important part of communication. So if you're trying to speak an in an academic language to an industry partner or a government partner you may be like ships in the night and miss the point. So you need to listen you need to cater your messages to your audience. So Jeffrey I'll hand over to you. >> Thank you. And Jeffrey I know that as a career specialist how this communication is coming to be linked and how we are going to practice to link it to the career for the audience that they are looking for potential opportunity in future >> absolutely Peter people often when I see students or clients come in to a to see me myself in a counseling capacity they'll expect me to provide answers and often I'll be they'll be very surprised because I'll just keep asking them questions. And to me, the key it's a mirroring a bit of what Andrew was just saying about listening is an is a is a you know underrated or underemphasized at times. Communication skill. The ability to ask questions as well is I think a really important part of communication especially for graduates entering the workforce. The ability and capacity and willingness and sometimes to be a bit brave and keep asking questions. In my job as a careers counselor, that's how we actually find stuff out when I'm working with a client because and they'll just look at me and think another question. Why are you asking me all the why are you picking on me? And I'll think I'm going to keep asking you questions about what you want to do. What do you mean by that? Why do you want to do that? Why are we doing this? Keeping on asking questions. That's the way to communicate with someone to listen to their answers. And often that's actually how you kind of progress to whatever it is you're trying to progress through. So that's the first kind of thing. And the other thing again mirroring I think what both Hugh and Andrew are saying is that interpreting and translating kind of capacity of especially people who are scientists and specialists in any field actually every specialist nowadays as a graduate is going to be working probably in a multid-disciplinary team. So you're going to be if you're, you know, if you're done your PhD in astrophysics, it's unlikely you're going to be with a gang of 25 other astrophysicists. You might be, but you're more likely to be with an accountant and a marketer and a sociologist and whatever. , and you're going to actually have to explain what it is you know. And if you can explain what it is you know so that someone can understand it, that is brilliant communicating. And you again you can kind of define good communicating as clarifying and bring making the complex simple and easy to understand and in a we are in a very complex and diverse economy society global situation or whatever. So I think in a graduate employment sense graduates who could who have that capacity to listen ask questions and then kind of clarify and communicate make the complicated make the complex simple that's going to be you know excellent communication and you will be in demand if that's what you can do I make it sound very simple I know and I know it's not but that's I think some of the kind of perspectives possibly to start thinking about. Thank you so much Jeffrey. It's I love once me make complicated topics looks at least simple but coming with the instruction of how step by step we can improve and we can reflect and we can measure of our you know communication. So I think I would like to go with Linda as a you know maybe your comment about again communication skills, potential employers, STEM careers, all of these key words come to my mind once it comes to recruitment agency and you as a senior consultant I know that our students in the room I can see in the chat they're looking for potential career in future. What do they need? What is the expectation? Yeah. So in terms of recruitment part of my job would be interviewing you guys before putting you forward for any role. So I think in terms of communication with your you know what you've done in your studies and things is being able to clarify and format your answers really well so that we have a good understanding of what your what you've done in your role. A lot of graduates do come into our offices and like this is my first ever interview. They don't know how to communicate what they've done in their practical, you know, lab or like their projects. They don't know how to put that into explaining it in the right way. , and there are some things that we guide them on. So, for example, if you're talking about like, you know, we're going to ask you what have you done within your degree? What is your major projects that you've worked on? , being able to give a clear picture of what you've done. So I don't know what you've done but being able to go from you know what's the aim your design experiments what your you know the things that you've done in between what are the results and how that applies to real life. So being able to give a big picture of what you've done essentially in your degree and I find that graduates can find it difficult to communicate what