what? That's the one that's one of the things that AI is really no good at. It can bring together it's a it's a fantastic index of what has been AI. It can collate everything that has been. But I'm also reminded that hey once upon a time the electronic calculator was seen as the equivalent of AI. And it didn't really solve everything. The electronic calculator. It helped a lot of things, but it hasn't solved everything. So again, it's I think a lot of the times when we talk about so-called disruptive technology, we're kind of thinking it's the end of history. I don't think it is the end of history. It's just this is just another technology. And guess what? There'll be another technology on top of that to counter it. And we've all seen kind of badly written stuff and think this is either a person who needs a lot of training or it's been written by AI. And so you know it has its limitations and the other thing that again echoing what other people have said is the things that AI isn't really good at is being human and in terms of emotional intelligence we've al we've talked a lot about diversity in terms of diverse cultural diversity language diversity and I'd argue discipline based diversity now getting to your question Peter discipline diversity I think is going to be one of those key skills feels that if again if you know all about u forensic taxation good for you but you are going to be talking to other people and you need to be able to explain that now is AI any good at that probably not and there's kind of evidence for that in terms of the kind of the big wave of technology changes in the last 10 years of big data and the cloud and so forth some of the disciplines that have changed most are accounting and law and those people have realized that they're going to spend far more of their time working with clients and customers and explaining what is going on using this information that's been generated for them. So this data that's being generated is not providing a solution. It might be providing here's a you know a mass of data for you and here's the summary. It's still going to take an expert professional to explain that and as we've said before explain that to different stakeholders. They could be people on your team. They could be a client. They could be your boss. They could be someone else in another discipline. They could be someone in government. You need to be able to explain this data. So certainly you're going to use things like AI in the cloud and big data etc to find the bits of gold amongst all the dross. But you need to be creative. You need to be empathetic. You need to be human. You probably also need to have an opinion to actually effectively communicate the value of that to your client. There you go. >> Thank you, Jeffrey. Maybe I would call Linda if from your recruitment you know experience and I know that from as an academic a lot of time we propose a project a research project let's say climate change we cannot really unpack climate change as a global challenge just science students on board. So we need business mindset, we need design mindset, we need engineering mindset, we need communication on board. So how do you see these interdisciplinary skills from your end and do you know the potential employers for our STEM students and what is your advice? Yeah, I think the main difference I see would be between students who are able to relate to different teams and things would be someone that's worked even just getting a part-time job in customer service. Somewhere where you're able to apply your skills to multiple different people dealing with, you know, bad customers, great customers, people of different ethnicities, languages. It's really it's it's kind of like a it's kind of standard, but those are big differences between someone that you know has not worked any roles and you're trying to get into industry where someone who's worked a part-time job already exposed to customers. And I think that's one way that students could definitely develop their skills and you know being exposed to different people and being able to apply that within the workplace in different teams. , sometimes it's just as simple as that. Just getting a bit of work experience whether it's at Mackers or at Woolly's. Yeah, I think that's >> Thank you. That was a great advice. And again, we have volunteerly type of activities with our career team, employability team at Swimburn. You could join STEM clubs. You could join do you know this kind of a part-time jobs available or volunteer job available even at you know university don't just think that okay I'm here to study science and I'm going to graduate and say oh then oh these are the gaps in my skill where I didn't practice once I was in the campus so I'm again opening a new question but you're welcome to respond to the previous questions So my next focus is the networking strategies. I think a lot of time you see that the jobs advertise but people the trusted connections that trusted networking it works very well. So for our students you might come across we have a lot of good graduates. Okay. We only have one position. So I guess I want someone to talk about the net networking strategies and the importance for the career development and what are your advice Hugh? >> Sure. I mean I think my answer to this is in some ways very similar to how I would have answered the previous question as well in terms of interdicciplinary collaboration. Like I think you know as I said my career has often just been as a result of a bit of sort of I guess luck out of out of networks that you know you build in random places but I think a big part of that is just to be curious you know genuinely and I think people generally are usually pretty happy to talk about what they do for work you know it's it's obviously a lot of everyone's lives and time but being curious and trying to understand and I think you know when you think about that interdiciplinary collaboration like a big part of my role now is you know sort of being that translator as is being mentioned earlier, you know, between people who are software engineers and people who are marketing people and you know the way to really do that and the way to practice that skill is to just sort of ask them and just sort of say like tell me talk to me about like what your day is like. You know, we do things with our team where, for example, cuz software engineers are often very separated from customers. And so we actually a little bit like Linda's comment just then, we actually get them to spend a day, you know, on Zoom shadowing one of our customer support people and they just they sit there and they watch and they watch like what the customers are saying, you know, talking about the product that they themselves are building and you know, like all sorts of stuff and how our team is then supporting them and they'll and it's amazing. You just, you know, they'll do it for a day or two every year and it's amazing the number of times they'll go, "Oh my god, like I've totally changed the way that I approach that particular thing because now I understand so much more about both the ways I can make our internal team more efficient, but also really how the customer, you know, describes these things that I'm building and how they experience what it is that I'm building. " , and that's really just a big piece of I guess being curious and putting yourself in that role of trying to just say, "Hey, like let me I'm interested about what you do. Like tell me about it. " Like what does it mean? >> This reminds me of something we call it informational interview as an assignment in one of our you know units. So you are going to interview someone that you would like to join in their company and learn of course do a bit of a study about that position or that you know company like Peter Mack you know anti-cancer institute if I want to work there as a research assistant okay go and find someone who is working there with experience and learn from their know you know how they reach to that how they