# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Professional networking with confidence (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

yourself with the panel to the panel with the with the work that you're applying for that you are a good fit for that job advertisement. I think I hope I answered the question that was in the list. Yep. Sorry. >> Vijan, you did answer the questions, but I just want if you have any comment before I ask any anyone else. Something about the career trends and the impact of the technology in shaping the future jobs in your area. >> Yep. No worries. Yeah so you mentioned AI and yeah the hot topic of generative AI and int artificial intelligence and so on. Yes it is it is the trend now everyone is learning about it. Everyone is trying to use it like all the other topics in the past. So we had so many different waves coming to us and just to say oh we've got I just use my own field topics oh we've got software defined networking everyone was like oh this is this is the best we have to do it we have to learn about it we have to hire people in that area yes and it worked people started to learn about it then the next wave became virtualization became cloud computing. Everyone was like, "Oh, we need cloud engineers, we need cloud architects, we need cloud knowledge. Now the current wave is AI and everyone is learning. It's simple as before as that just to say what we did before for the previous waves. We do the same thing. The first thing is learn about it. What is AI about? What tools do we have available? What companies would use to just take advantages out of this new wave? If I know about it, if I'm training myself, I'm going with the wave. If not, I'm falling behind. >> So, it's simple as that. It's not a it's not a big deal just to say go with the wave. If you need to learn it, learn it. Having said that, when you join a company, they train you. They provide training courses to you. They're not expecting you to come in as like knowing everything. As long as you can communicate which is the topic of this session. As long as you can fit in a team and just be a good team member they hire you and they like the technical parts we can train this person later on. >> Sorry B. Thank you so much Van. I'm just considering the time and I would like the guest speakers to pick up. So from this question I'm going to just grab one or two to make sure that we are coming to cover everything. There are some questions in the chat. I see them and we are coming with the tips and opportunities at the end. But just to answer that question in the chat we have a lot of we have employability career at Swimburn University and in all of the Swimburn University we have career specialists. We have a mock interview. There are online workshops. Very inclusive. So if you have any concern about this type of training because the word practice communication, just send an email to me. I can provide you with the list of the workshops competitions you know and all the professional people we have on board. But again the topic is about career trends and the impact of technology in your organization. If our students choose to join government, Andrew, what do you see here and what is the gap? I mean what are the essential skills? How do you unpack on this for future or not? >> Yeah. Thanks Peter. I think that since we met last year the rise of chat GPT has been extraordinary. It's a disruptive technology and I think the audience here probably know how to use chat GPT better than I do. And it's more integrated into their lives. , and the one tip that I'd give the audience is that chat GPT is an amazing tool, but you also need to insert yourself, your personality, your opinions into your workplace. So I think that's the challenge of today's generation is embracing a disruptive technology but also putting yourself into the workplace and adding value, adding your own personality, adding your own experience, your own thoughts. So I'll leave it there short and sweet. >> Thank you. Hugh, do you have anything in your area entrepreneur? So how this technology how do you expect and estimate the future for someone? >> Yeah, I mean tricky certainly a very tricky thing to have without a crystal ball. I think you know it's one of those things of where you know to show my age a little bit. You know I remember in primary school being taught how to Google. And you know that was this incredible skill and you know like suddenly you had all of the you know you didn't have to go to the altter vista or the ask jeieves like you know directory and exactly some will remember those good times and I think AI is another wave of that you know like I think you know as Bjan said you know we've in the sort of software world you know we've had this whole cloud revolution and everything else but I think similarly every profession is going to somehow probably be touched by this new wave of tools and techniques and everything else in the same way that you know Google search changed the way that we found information and you know found things about other things online and the key as Andrew I think was saying is you know work out that right way to harness it and I think everyone's careers you know that there sort of been this continuous argument since computers started that you know oh yes you know it'll make all of these roles totally redundant and all sort of stuff but in reality it just changes the nature of our work you know that the nature of software engineering these days is potentially quite different you know the way that you might think optimizing things or the way that you might think about you know sort of I guess generating boiler plate or things like that change over time. And so you know really I think in many ways as a younger person at the moment you're actually in one of the best opportunities to be able to really capitalize on that because you're going to come up with it natively compared to the people for whom it's much less of a thing that they immediately reach for. >> Thank you so much. I think yeah talking about this generation grow with the technology it's much easier for you to be in the position to train and being updated with this skills to us coming from the previous generation and really didn't grow up with this technology. So I guess I raised the next question but if Jeffrey and Linda they want to add anything please come up with the consideration of interdisiplinary communication. I guess I want to know in your opinion what is the role of this inter disciplinary collaboration and how that is playing in driving innovation in the STEM fields. So considering our students are isolated in their discipline, they don't really have that type of training or practice in their units that are involved. So how they can use and how they can develop this interdisciplinary skills and collaborate effectively across different sectors. >> yeah, I'll have a crack at that. But I will just I can't help myself. If I will go back to >> the stuff about technology and AI and a couple just a couple of quick observations. The World Economic Forum is one of those kind of think tanks that loves turnurning out key employability skills globally every year. And one of the most important ones and one of the most notable trends is the rise of creativity up from the top 20 to the top 15 to the top 10 to the top three skills across the world. Creativity and innovation are just there. And so again echoing what people have said, it's the creativity is the is the key employability skill across most disciplines. And guess what? That's the one that's one of the things that AI is really no good at. It can bring together it's a it's a fantastic index of what has been AI. It can collate everything that has been. But I'm also reminded that hey once upon a time the electronic calculator was seen as the equivalent of AI. And it didn't really solve everything. The electronic calculator. It helped a lot of things, but it hasn't solved everything. So again, it's I think a lot of the times when we talk about so-called disruptive technology, we're kind of thinking it's