was dragged into one of our clients, , the health regulator, , and worked in there for a little while. , and then, , started a software company. So, , now I run a software company. , and we've got, you know, 30 35 odd employees around, , Australia in the world. , and so, yeah, that's, I guess, now my career. So I've sort of had a lot of ups and downs and now in I guess software and sort of write I guess very poor code even though I was never formally taught it is probably but equally I would say I don't really use my medicine background in terms of my science background particularly frequently. Thank you so much Hugh we really like to hear about your journey every year and I guess that entrepreneurship is something that we would like you to present once we are coming to the list of the questions and by the way if you are in the room you have any questions except the list of the question that I've met I've prepared for the panel please share in the chat And especially if you want one of our guest speaker to dis answer that question so you can name them. So hopefully one of us are going to select and then we read and we answer and yeah so I would like to intro if you would ask invite Andrew to introduce yourself and a bit of your career journey to and in the position that you are involved now. >> Hi everyone. It's great to be here. It's always fascinating listening to everyone else's journey as well. And I think the common thing that we've heard so far and we'll probably hear a bit more of is careers aren't linear. And where we are today isn't necessarily where we wanted where we thought we'd start. So my background I'm a wildlife biologist by trade. I did a PhD a long time ago now and I had my dream job as a posttock. I was working on a giraffe in Krueger National Park as a as a posttock and that was a lot of fun. And then I joined the government first as a researcher. I spent 10 years as a researcher. I ended up looking after my own research group and then I thought, wow, I'm I'm doing a lot of policy work here and my research was contributing to the evidence that made policy, but I wasn't making a difference. So, I went across to the dark side of policy in government. And so, I spent another seven or eight years doing policy work. And then I moved across into the innovation space. So I left my comfort of being a wildlife scientist and wildlife policy maker and I became more interested in innovation. So I started working on space industry development, quantum computing, trains and trams are very different from a an ecologist. And now in my current role, I'm doing partnership development and working with really interesting companies like Sony Corporation, AWS, some of the companies you may have heard of. And the common thing throughout those career changes is that my ecology background is all about systems. And we heard there's a few engineers here. So if there's any systems engineers, it's how do you make connections? How do you look at the big picture and how do you communicate? And there's some of the common things that I used have used throughout my whole career. So from where I started to where I am now. It's a common passion for science. I still publish ecological papers now. So I still do that on the side. But it's the systems thinking that I learned way back as a second or third year student at university. That passion of making connection that's what really drives me. Thanks Peter. >> Thank you so much Andrew. It's very inspiring to see that pathway and I guess that is a message to our students how you might potentially find your passion about something and then through that so you can find the connection or networking but use of that fundamental experience to then lead you through another pathway. So I guess I would like to hear from Jeffrey Okay, thanks Peter. , hello everyone. , my name is Jeffrey. I'm a careers educator and counselor and other things and content creator at times. U my present role at Swinburn is as a lecturer and tutor. I've been in Swinburn for a couple of years doing careers type things. , I was thinking that I have nothing to add in terms of my STEM knowledge since , I dropped out of maths as quickly as possible in high school. So, , that's the end of that. However, then I thought, no, hang on a second. As a careers educator and counselor, I'm a bit of a fan of careers chaos theory which taps into beautifully which what Andrew was talking about that careers often we spend a lot of time worrying that our careers don't seem to make sense or are linear or are nicely nice neatly packaged and etc. And I think it's in every most people's experience and certainly the research and thinking bears that out that careers don't happen that way. They happen in all sorts of wonderfully messy patterns a bit like our fingerprint. So they're unique and glorious. So and I can actually then apply that to my own situation when I reflect on my tertiary journey started by dropping out of three tertiary courses as a as a young person. Which is a terrible example to show to anyone. So don't do this. But it was much cheaper in those days to drop out of university. And now I'm working in careers development in between dropping out of various tertiary courses and being a careers counselor. I eventually returned to do an arts degree and eventually worked in the public service doing all sorts of things working with unemployed and disadvantaged people. Worked for 10 years working with homeless young people. Then again in kind of random kind of patenty things I fell into careers, information and education working for the government. And then another kind of random event was politely asked to leave by the government in a nice way and found myself into the into the tertiary sector. So I've worked in universities now for 15 years across various universities in Melbourne. Basically doing career counseling, one-to-one stuff, running workshops, creating content, being invol in creating and running career subjects, and here I am today. >> Thank you so much, Jeffrey. Ban, I know that you mentioned you. Is that okay for me to invite you to the panel or you want to? It's your call. >> No, it's no preparation here, but yeah, why not? Yeah, I'll introduce myself. My name is Bjan. , I'm a sessional lecturer and unit convenor at Sunburn University. , my full-time work is I'm a principal cloud architect at Oracle. , and my journey, my story is not as interesting as all the other stories, but I've always been in it. , but I can kind of relate with your stories as well cuz I'm coming from a I would say mechanical family. So my all my brothers both brothers and my dad they all were mechanics in a traditional way as well as mechanical engineers. I always wanted to become a mechanical engineer as well. But I ended up being an IT engineer and started to do IT stuff. So alongside in the IT field yeah changed my field or my concentration a few times became a programmer networker consultant and now I'm a cloud architect. So yeah nice to meet you all and yeah thanks for having me here. >> Thank you so much Vision. So I guess this was just an introduction and you can see all these different diverse you know careers is coming through the different you know degree and discipline. So the event that we are running later at the end of the year is a start talking with the focus of communication skills. So I guess my next question is how has effective I appreciate if you can please unmute yourself the Thank you so much. How has effective communication played a rec critical role in your career and what advice do you have for your students looking to adopt their communication skills to different audiences? Whether is in academic or in academia or in industry or as an entrepreneur or as a journalist or in for government. So I guess I would like to just anyone is volunteer to start on the this question. So I'm happy. Hugh are you going to be the first one? >> Sure. Always happy to start off. >> I mean look I think you know if I think about it you