Good evening everyone and welcome to the panel discussion. So this event is an annual event which is part of start talking competition which is we are going to run it in 2024 and is started from 2019. But for students coming to this you know session thank you vision for promoting this to your lecture. I appreciate and I know that some of our Saravaka students are on board. Thank you so much for being here. This is a bit of a housekeeping but with this we go to the acknowledgement of country. So on behalf of the people who are participate in this event from Australia, Malaysia, I would like to acknowledge the warjury people and the traditional owners of the Malaysian. So who are the tra traditional custodians of this land. I would like also to pay my respect to the elders both past and present of the colonation and extend that respect to the other indigenous Australian and Malaysian presents. All right. So again start talking what this is a public speaking competition at Swimburn but this event is about professional networking with confidence. So just a brief about what you are expecting for almost the following one hour. So I'm going to introduce about the startup and competition. Our panel discussion. The main purpose of this u one hour is the panel discussion with our professional networking and some tips or opportunities or career stories and hopefully that can inspire our students to think and reflect about their potential STEM careers in different discipline. That's why we have you know journalist on board, someone representing government, someone from industry, an entrepreneur, career specialist, a senior recruitment consultants and of course myself as an academic and vision is also here. At the end of today we are going to have a screenshot photo of us with a smile and of course we are going to share the evaluation form. So our collaborators in this event is we have LTU people from Swimburn careers employability. We have insurance Australian group as an industry partner who support this competition. We have Barundus city of council and we have Sarak colleagues and of course we have our passionate students. So just to introduce start talking I would like to invite you to watch this one minute video. So, I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, Start Talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. But now it's your turn to start talking. >> Okay. Hopefully you all get a idea about what is the start talking competition. But with that I would like to invite you to be part of this you know panel discussion as promised for this event and I'm going to stop sharing because we are going to start talking and we would like to start our guest speakers to introduce themselves. So I would like to start with you know Linda. So what I would like to ask I would like you to introduce yourself briefly a bit of your career journey what brings you to here and anything that might inspire our students with your one or two minutes introduction. Thank you. >> Okay, cool. Hi guys, I'm Linda. I am currently a senior recruiter here over at Evolve Scientific. So in terms of my career starting off I completed a bachelor of science majoring in biochemistry and biotechnology over at the University of Wurau over in New Zealand. So that's where I'm originally from. Within my first year or basically after finishing uni I worked within a laboratory which is one of the biggest analytical labs in New Zealand there called Hills Labs. I was working within the waters team doing your chemistry testing that could be like your pH, your titrations, filtrations, suspended solids, all those sort of things. I did that for about a year and then decided to move over to Melbourne for just better work opportunities essentially. Just because obviously with in Australia there's much more opportunities with different companies and work and that. So moving over here I was pretty flexible with whatever you know I had a science degree. I was kind of like open to anything. Got into food manufacturing. So I entered a QC QA, so quality control and quality assurance. Again doing your basic testing. So I worked at Healer Spice Brace over in Braide here in Melbourne. They do the manufacturer of like dry spice blends where you're you know supplying to like clients like Nandos or Subway and what Primo whatnot. , and I was doing all the testing on every batch that was produced, releasing them. , doing your sort of your QA or documentation. , yeah, documentation, good manufacturing practices, making sure everything's compliant, following standards. , I was in that role for about 3 to four years. , and then kind of got a bit bored within the lab role. Kind of got a bit too repetitive , for me and decided, you know, I wanted a career change. Saw the ad for recruitment consultant still using my science degree and my industry background so I joined Evolve Scientific I've been here about two years so I yeah and recently was promoted to a senior position Evolve Scientific we are a recruitment agency so we're based here in Melbourne but we're based all over Australia so Sydney Brisbane Adelaide and Perth we're also part of much bigger company so we've been around for about 14 years but we have been acquired by ME Spurcrop which is another recruitment agency but they're much more global so due to acquisition we're you know basically global now and we did open up an office over in Singapore a couple months ago but we do the recruitment specializing within science so that could be your food your pharmaceutical your chemical environmental industries but not just science we also deal with engineering production operations of all roles within industry and then yeah that's pretty much in a nutshell Noro consultants here will all come from a science background. So we know exactly what I guess you guys have been going through as graduates and also what our clients are exactly looking for as well. So yeah that's me. >> Thank you so much Linda. Thanks for sharing your journey and your career journey to be in your position as a senior you know recruitment consultant. So there are multiple science majors computing science and engineering here in this room. So we would love to hear about what about some tips around the career. So I guess with this I would like to invite Hugh to introduce yourself. >> Sure. Thank you all for having me. Hopefully there you go. It looks like you can hear me. I'm Hugh. I'm here I guess representing the entrepreneur side. I was actually did medicine originally and then ended up graduating with a human sciences degree which is an alternative exit pathway to medicine by sort of starting doing a PhD never finishing it. You know one of those people that classically starts things and never actually manages to finish them. Then sort of fell sideways I guess into running a risk and strategy management consulting company. So did some advisory stuff that we sort of did in house. So, so started the business myself. , and then subsequently, I guess after a while, , was in professional communications, so was dragged into one of our clients, , the health regulator, , and worked in there for a little while. , and then, , started a software company. So, , now I run a software company. , and we've got, you know, 30 35 odd employees around, , Australia in the world. , and so, yeah, that's, I guess, now my career. So I've sort of had a lot of ups and downs and now in I guess software and sort of write I guess very poor code even though I was never formally taught it is probably but equally