does it mean? >> This reminds me of something we call it informational interview as an assignment in one of our you know units. So you are going to interview someone that you would like to join in their company and learn of course do a bit of a study about that position or that you know company like Peter Mack you know anti-cancer institute if I want to work there as a research assistant okay go and find someone who is working there with experience and learn from their know you know how they reach to that how they actually got this position and how they could help you to achieve that. So is there Andrew something that you would like or Jeffrey? Yeah, I might just sort of follow up with your comments, bitter, around as scientists, we're very good at research and so doing a little bit of research to find out who you want to talk to, what company you want to talk to, and where you want to be is something that you can do quite easily these days. , and , so if I was going to approach someone from the Peter Mac, first of all, I'd find out what the Petermac does. What's the organization look like? And I can do that several ways. One is , for a bigger company, I can get an annual report, see whether or not the values of the company align to what I want I'm interested in. So you might be interested in their environmental statement which might be great or it might be something you don't want to work for that company after a bit of research. The other one that is very useful is LinkedIn. LinkedIn is a great source of research networks who's doing what. , and I suppose it's a little bit like , Linda was saying with the Macka's job, post something on LinkedIn. If you take anything away from this, if you can do one post on LinkedIn about your project and you've got eight followers and three of them like it, you're away. , and you can start to demonstrate a network. So, if I'm recruiting someone, one of the first things I'll do is go and have a look at their LinkedIn profile, see what they're following, see what they're interested in, see what their track record is. , and LinkedIn's a great source for job adverts. , so most of the jobs in the professional networks that I work in, they get advertised through LinkedIn. , so you follow the recruiters, you see what they're doing, you see who they're following, and those types of things. So I think there's a lot of tools out there. You can chase your tail around quite a bit by following the wrong ones. So just choose a few, do your research, treat it as a science project and you and you should be right. >> Thank you so much. And I think just considering the time I want to let everyone knows that this is going to finish about 2 minutes, but we are going to take one picture with your smile. Please stay tuned. Jeffrey, do you have any tips and opportunities for our students who would like to continue their career in STEM? >> , oh well, we'll respond firstly to the ideas about networking. Many students I meet or talk to get nervous about networking, think it's about being confident and they study the websites about how to do a good handshake and the body language and all that. And I would kind of spin it around and reinforce what people have been saying here. Good networking is actually about listening. Put be in a situation where you're listening to lots of people. If that means turning up to events, if they're in real life or online, turn up. The more chances you get at turning up to things, gosh, sometimes chance might kind of, you know, rear its head. You'll get lucky. You won't get lucky. You'll just be there because you've turned up. So keep turning up. Keep listening to as many people as possible and be interested in what they're saying. That will just naturally turn into an exchange of information and an exchange of ideas. And the other thing is and again people and I've had kind of some I remember a PhD kind of class who really didn't like the idea of networking because they thought it was kind of pushing themselves ahead in a very in an aggressive kind of commercial sense or something. But no, but then we worked out networking is actually about helping other people. If you network, the best bit of networking, if you get a message or an email or a text from someone saying, "Hey, I saw this job ad and I thought of you. " That's the best example of networking. If you're in that situation and or if you put yourself in that situation and you do that for other people, if you see something in a media post or on LinkedIn, whatever, and you know, hey, I know someone who'd be interested in that, and you let them know, that is networking. That is primo networking 101. And guess what? You will be it will be returned to you in many ways. So you the network networking is about connecting with people and having a two-way exchange. It's not about handshakes or getting ahead in any kind of necessarily aggressive way. It's actually about helping people, listening people, and sharing your ideas. Back to you. >> Thank you so much. Can you please add Raza your question in the chat so I can read and I can ask. Meanwhile, I'm asking everyone any final tips and opport you know that they could share with our students and I appreciate if you can stay five minutes you know extra to for this meeting to finish. But if I can if I can I would add to the last part. Networking >> yeah networking is one thing and the other thing is to create the opportunities for networking. I could give some examples as internship programs, volunteer programs, joining communities or there are I remember I used to use an app called Meetup and I joined these tech meetup sessions and I could do networking. Networking doesn't mean that you need to go out find someone and shake change exchange cards and so on. You need to create the opportunity to network. So what I really recommend to students is to sign up for an internship program. You meet people, you get an opportunity to prove yourself that you've got skills, you can fit their team and work within their team. That's it. >> Thank you. >> All right. Any last comments, Linda or Hugh? No, I think some lot of great tips and I'd probably agree with everything. >> Beautiful. >> Linda, I want to invite everyone to turn on their video in 30 seconds. Linda, >> break the internet. >> Amazing tips. , I think one thing would just be yourself, smile, be respectful, shop early to any sort of interview you have. Just all those sort of little things that we haven't like, you know, that kind of common sense, but sometimes people do forget. Professional but you know show personality smile because at the end of the day they want to see who you are. So yeah, >> thank you so much. And I guess again I would like to if you please send me an email, I add my email in the chat. I can grab your question. I can address that. If I don't know, I ask all the guest speakers here. So please attend in our competition which is a 4 minute of a video for your passion, your interest with 400 bucks as a prize and also the certificate of participation. Here we go. You have an example of evidence that you participate and you do care about Zimber community and of course sharing your knowledge. So can I just ask thank you so much to our guest speakers. I know that Andrew maybe you had one more comment but meanwhile I invite everyone in the room if you can if you are willing to be in this photo for the purpose of posting in the LinkedIn just turn on your video with a smile and you can write about this event in the your LinkedIn and you can write one line what did you learn and what your reflection statement about this conversation would be one post in your LinkedIn. And meanwhile we are waiting for 30 seconds I'm going to andrew did you want to add anything? >> I just want to add that the Australian government and the Victorian government are one of the largest employers in Australia. If you join the government