# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Professional networking with confidence (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

you what have you done within your degree? What is your major projects that you've worked on? , being able to give a clear picture of what you've done. So I don't know what you've done but being able to go from you know what's the aim your design experiments what your you know the things that you've done in between what are the results and how that applies to real life. So being able to give a big picture of what you've done essentially in your degree and I find that graduates can find it difficult to communicate what they've done. They've got everything in here but it's not coming out that way. And you know a lot of times again going into industry these are things that we're going to prep you on but in terms of actually getting your first role and your yeah your first role in industry. So being able to re relay your studies especially as graduates again going into a client a company it's very daunting. You're going to be so nervous and you're going to fumble with words but just being able to practice your answers format it correctly. Even you know you're going to go through technical questions which you have to launch on. I think the main struggle that a lot of graduates have is behavioral questions and people you know examples are good things being able to explain again formatting seeing the scene of what you're doing. So for example a behavior question could be you know a conflict or a mistake you've done and being able to set the scene again. And a lot of a lot of times we do we prep them. We prep you for interviews. So that could be using the STAR method, situation, task, action, response. So that's again a good way to format your answers. I think in terms of communication and getting into industry, it's just relaying what you've done >> in a way that they can understand. And like Jeffree said, going into industry, you'll be working with multiple different teams. So, for example, going into an R&D team or a quality team, you're going to be dealing with people who have no idea what science is. And you're going to have to go into, example, in my role when I worked in quality, go into production, say, you know, we've got this issue. , we need to investigate. We need to deal with that and telling, you know, people this is what needs to be done. They're telling you, no, I don't want to change the way I've done things. This is how I've done things all these years, but you have to give that background on why, you know, this is wrong and why we need to change things. So being able to communicate that knowledge to people who don't have a science background. So it's it's all very important within industry and even just getting your first role with an interview explaining your yeah your degree and just presenting yourself well because a lot of times at the end of day you could be you know going into an interview going up against a candidate other people essentially that have the right experience but if your communication is right and you're bringing that right personality you could be the one getting a job and that's just based on who you are and your communication skills are not necessarily >> you know that you've got two years of experience or not. So >> yeah, >> thank you so much, Linda. And I guess hearing what you just share all of you, thank you so much. And I think that's why sometimes as an academic, as an educator, we're coming with the opportunity for you to practice your public speaking. So the competition that we are running linked to this you know this event professional networking is a start talking is opportunity for everyone with different discipline to come and pitch your you know your passion your research with the language that can be understandable to the broader audience. It is a very challenging because as Linda mentioned often we train as a science or computing science IT students engineering students we learn how to present it you know in academ with the academic scientific language but to not underestimate people's knowledge but also be able to translate the you know the science and make that connection that's the challenge. That's why we want our students to practice and everything is coming based on your practice. We give you the opportunity you collect come to this practice collect the evidence then go to the interview. I guess my next question which I would like to then invite vision to answer the first so is what emerging trends do you see in STEM careers and how can students best prepare themselves to navigate the evolving landscape influenced by technological advant advancements such as AI and automation. So yeah, I think this is the focus that we want to look at the career trends especially in the STEM area. Vision >> no worries. Thank you. Before we move on from the previous question we also have a question in the chat just asking about >> young people looking for entering corporate environment and just I think it is it is more around like >> career or job hunting purpose. So c could I just add a comment around that before we move on to the next topic? I saw that and I wanted to because it's coming to the flow of my question with the tips and opportunities at the end. But you're welcome. >> Oh, it sounds great. No, thank you. So I just speak of my experience cuz we have had I mean everyone made good comments here. We mentioned that Hugh mentioned that people with having English as their second language including myself that's a very important point and we who speak English as our second language we need to work even harder than native speaking people just to be able to communicate and just send the message and prove ourselves let's say so on top of that we I mean I'm just again using myself as an example coming from an engineering background IT engineering and just development deployment technical stuff we I don't know I'm not talking about everyone but just I'll just talk about myself but this is what I found out we don't want to use words we want to communicate with actions. We want to deploy something, get the results and just say look what I have done. We would like to talk about things with engineerings around us. I know Jeffrey mentioned that as well just we are surrounded by people like ourselves at university, at work with our friends as well. , so yes, we feel comfortable with those people, but when you go to a corporate company, when you go to a big company to apply for a job, you may not see people like yourself. , you would see people from HR, you would see people from , , background check, you would see people from management area. So you can't really talk to them about the script that you have deployed last week. They won't understand it. You can't talk about what you've done in terms of website development. You can't talk about your final project at university. You need to be able to communicate and speak their languages. So speaking of my own experience, what I did when I used to try to find a job in Australia, I used to write things down just to say if the HR in the panel asks me this question. This is what I think would be the right answer. I write it down. I wrote it down. I memorized it. Believe it or not, I did. I memorized it. That's the only way I could I could actually move forward. >> >> if someone from other department asked me questions, this is the this is what I feel like is a good answer and I would answer it in this way. So, I would say practice your communication skills. Even though it's not your field, if it's not about your techy stuff that you've learned, you need to prove yourself with the panel to the panel with the with the work that you're applying for that you are a good fit for that job advertisement. I think I hope I answered the question that was in the list. Yep. Sorry. >> Vijan, you did answer the questions, but I just want if you have any comment before I ask any anyone else. Something about the career trends and the impact of the technology in shaping the future jobs in your area. >> Yep. No worries. Yeah so you mentioned AI and yeah the hot topic of generative AI and