Nature is a beautiful scope of the earth that boasts beauty in the way it looks, the way it smells, and what it offers to the world. Ranging from water-based algae to simple trees and bushes you see on your daily commute. Hello there. My name is Jordan Ryan without trying to get too David Atenburgh on today. I'm here to talk about a marvelous spectacle involving plant life. However, it is not the plants themselves we'll be discussing, but instead tiny microscopic organisms too small to be seen by the naked eye. These bacterialsized organisms, or more appropriately termed microorganisms, live as cells within the tissues of plants and are called endoes. An endoyte, simply put, is a fungal microorganism that resides in the living tissues of plant species in a mutualistic relationship with that plant. What this means is that they live in a relationship where they both give to and take from the plant in a sort of unspoken deal. What they offer to the plant is protection from pathogens, which is a fancy term given to microorganisms that are capable of causing sickness and disease. What they also do is help facilitate the uptake of essential nutrients from the environment and can promote growth and development in the plant. What they receive in return. It's just a nice environment where they can carry out their life cycle and grow. Although this is all pretty amazing so far to think about how a plant and a microorganism can just coexist to help each other out. What's even more amazing to learn about endoids is their capabilities in metabolizing the same products as a host plant. In layman's terms, this means that anything the plant can produce, the endoight can produce, too. And this goes for medical plants that produce antibacterial products. As such, endopidic research has become an increasingly important topic in medicine, in agriculture, and in virtually any industry that requires antibacterials. But how does someone go from having a microorganism within a plant to being able to actually use the products metabolized by that microorganism? Without going into too much detail and mostly just as an overview, I'll just quickly explain that endoplines can be isolated and extracted from the host plant tissue and using incredible laboratory techniques placed in an ideal environment where they're promoted to metabolize their products. These products are then extracted from the ideal environment where they'll be tested for antibacterial activity and any that do exhibit antibacterial activity can be used by scientists to make antibacterials and even some cases anti-inflammatories, antioxidants and even in rarer cases anti-cancers. So far we've spoken about a few things. What are endopyes? Where are they from? Why are they important? And how do we isolate them and their metabolites? Plus, as a bonus, you've heard me say antibacterial at least 100 times by now. As I said before, using the antibacterial products of endoids can be very important in pharmaceuticals as a natural alternative to antibiotics. But one thing in particular that I'm going to touch on today is the importance of antibacterial products of enlites in food poisoning. According to an article in Australasian Science, in Australia, there is on average 5. 4 million cases of food poisoning per year. Very well-known organism that causes food poisoning is the ever famous E. Coli. In a 2014 article by Xiao, a specific compound was metabolized from an endoight that was isolated from the Mallaya aid plant which had antibacterial activity against and also prevented the growth of E. Coli. This is just one of millions of examples of an endothetic product being used against a specific organism. This particular product can then be further used to add to food to prevent the growth of E. Coli and therefore prevent the occurrence of food poisoning by E. Coli. And that is just a quick taste of what could turn into a very long discussion about endoids. I certainly hope this video has inspired you all and I would like to thank you all for your attention.