# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

you a little bit of background. So, I know about the awards because I was the first female to get the award. Never thought 25 years later I would be running the awards. The awards used to be run by the government of Australia. And with an award with an award in your discipline you got $25,000 and if you got the prime minister's award you got an additional $50,000. These days we're lucky to have the awards still running because people like me we still need them. I think it's really important. Unfortunately, there's no monetary recognition anymore. And that monetary recognition is yes, it says you've done a great job, but it really helped me there purchased equipment that I wanted to buy for my students to try new things to help you get a research assistant. So, it allowed me to do a few things. So, it was value that I used back into my classroom. It wasn't about me being able to play my home line off. That wasn't the case. Would have been nice, but no, it went back in. Really hoping that we can introduce some monetary values to the awards as well. All right, so that's a little bit about me and how I landed a full-time job and then from there had a pathway to continue academic and I knew I wanted to be an academic and I really loved teaching. I really wasn't keen on the research, but once I found my place in the research that helped inform my teaching, I found a happy marriage. Yeah, most people come from a research position, researching their discipline and move into teaching and try to make marry the two by taking the new knowledge they develop in their research and bring it into their classroom. Other people might start from the point of being great teachers but then to progress they have to back what they're doing with the research. So that's why they investigate their own practice or investigate educational innovations that they might introduce. So there's two ways you can go about this. I went the latter way. When I was applying for my teaching award, I also then enrolled in a PhD and really it's very difficult to succeed in an academic career without a PhD. So if you are thinking a teacher and you may have education focused roles, a lot of universities do, we have them at RMIT. In order to progress, especially if you want to progress to associate professor and professor, you really need to have that research back because we look at not just how great you are in the classroom, but your influence more broadly, your leadership of your scholarship. Yes. So those four components are really, really important. So the purpose of the awards, I'm going to start from here. The purpose of the award, a lot of people think, oh, it's a it's a recognition for themselves. Yes, it is. But really, you're being rewarded because you're doing something that's going to have an impact on the students. You are changing the lives of really young people for the better. And at this point in time when every night on the news you hear about youths with machines out on the streets and terrorizing you know innocent people the better we educate and can include more people in our education system the better it is. So it's really all about improving the student experience and their learning outcomes. And I think education has a really vital importance not just in primary school and in high school. But the more we open our arms and say hey you may not get the ATAR of 99. 9 we have stood a way to encourage you in our system and help you succeed and thrive. Because there's a lot of things that come with studying at the university. One, they get to experience the way that you behave, the way that you speak, the way that you present, the way that you have an inclusive environment, the way that you are focused and can and can really delve into information. So, it's it you're you're modeling the behavior you want future people to have. That's really important. Don't underestimate that at all. So, improving the student experience. The other thing is to recognize and celebrate some of the great work that you are doing. , teaching can sometimes be very closed. It's not visible. Research you have the opportunity to become visible through going to conferences and presenting to writing a paper to applying for a grant. Teaching can become invisible unless you make it visible unless you tell people about it. One way you tell people about it is by applying for things like grants and applying for awards because when you apply for them, you usually get feedback and you talk to people and people, oh, are you telling me that? Oh, either way, you can make that better or you submit it for a review and you have panels reviewing your work. You will then get invited to seminars, you get invited to conferences, you can then start applying for grants. So the idea is to make yes you get recognized but it's to make your teaching visible and have an impact influence others as well. I sort of touched on this as you're writing applications and you're thinking about your journey you usually get some support. You usually speak to people in an academic capability area which you know an is leading can provide you with the support that you might need. But you might also go outside of your institution. We have a mentors thing which I'll touch on that you can tap into. We have a number of when we assess the applications we've got a really thorough assessment process and I'll tap into that as well. So we have what is it Angela? We have about 200 people put up their hand wanting to be assessors across the country. Right. So these are people outside of your institution that start to now understand the work that you're doing that will then go oh I remember reading that we should invite that person over and then there's opportunities to network and collaborate and alli have organized this session just a small collaboration with your own institution but then we have state-based events where you can meet others there's a number of really prominent conferences I think u I introduce you to the stars conference There's the Herdza conference, higher education research development society for Australasia. There's the ISO conference and international conference. A lot of these are on the website which I'll I'll mention in a moment. So opportunities to connect. So you're moving from the little micro chasm inside your classroom to outside of the institution into Australia and then international. It's just like what you would for research. It's all about influence broad building knowledge but also in influence more broadly. All right. So what do we do to try and encourage this network in sharing and practice? We have teamed up with the University of South Australia and they run a breakfast series. So we invite national teaching award winners to present on the work that they've been doing. So what you can see from April through to November, we've got a number of people talking about some of their practices that they've done. The YouTube channel is there that you can connect with. And that runs pretty much monthly. We have we've connected with the International Federation of National Teaching Fellows. That's a UK organization linked with the UK advanced education group, but that's a group of fellows from the UK that have won teaching awards. So we invite our teaching awards to become part of that group and then they've got someone internationally that they can connect with because a lot of people struggle when they're going for a promotion base just on their teaching. Where's your international who you know? Who's adopting? Here's a way to tap into a miss international network. We also every month release a newsletter and we profile some of the work of our past recipients in that newsletter. That newsletter goes to the ICO who is Brian here in the front hands. So hopefully that gets distributed more broadly within your institution. We also run a number of briefing sessions. I have with me here Angeline Sims. She is the manager of the national teaching awards. So all this work here has been diligently done by Angeline and she organizes a lot of these events for connections, networking and collaboration. And then finally we have a booklet. The booklet we produced when the government was giving out some grants. I got a very small grant. Underneath 10,000 but started to produce a profile of all the past what was formerly called the prime minister's award for teaching