committees have the final say before they go off and get approved by the universities Australia board. So it's a bit of a long process. , this is the process that this was a process for 2025. We usually like to start earlier than June, but it depends on we're on a yearly contract with Universities Australia. So negotiating that contract every year why we're running these awards and justification has taken always much longer than we would have hoped. But usually after the contract signed, the process is we prepare the packs. We offer PD sessions for anyone that's interested in applying for an award. The universities then have a period where they nominate their applicants that they put forward because as I said institutions for some categories can only put six applicants forward or three. It's a teaching a national teaching award citation six. Then the assessors come into play. They do the assessment and then we have the awards announcement which is at in Canberra at the Australian summit conference in late February and that's usually you know the minister for minister for education Jason Claire is there and presents the awards along with the chair of the universities Australia who's this year's chair I think she just changed from Carol forgotten her name the VC. Yeah, I'm not at Griffith. She's not at Griffith. One of the VCs. We've had a few changes. , all right. So, the pathway to the Australian award application. So, you might start off with a family or a school award. I'm not sure if your school offers awards. They do. Yeah, start off there. Then apply for an institutional award. Most institutions now have aligned in criteria with the national teaching award criteria. They might have some extra bits, but generally they're quite aligned. Then from there you would go from an AAT. Sometimes you apply for them simultaneously. That's happened in the past. And then based on usually you go for a citation. So you really hone in on one area and then you might go for the national teaching awarding on the honing in on hello the full teaching award. So we have a suite of resources that you can tap into. So the first one is the Australian awards for university teaching new ways university Australia's website. There's a really long link there, but if you just go to universities australia. Edu. Au and hunt around, you might be able to find it. So, it's a little bit tricky because it's under policies and submissions. So, go on to the policy link, teaching, learning, funding, and then Australia Awards for University Teaching. So, most people don't really think about clicking on policy when they're going for the awards. So, I'll put the full link there, but we also have our AUN website that we manage. It's hosted outside of our institution. So what you'll find, you'll find some nomination packs. They'll give you the full details of all the award types, suggestions for sources of evidence, which I'll talk a little bit more about, nomination writing tips from assessors, so advice from assessors, tips for writing the Neville Bonner award, examples of effective evidence, assessment matrix, which you've seen, and a video archive of previous award winners. So what did they say? What did they put in their application? , I mentioned earlier that we offer professional development sessions and Angeline's been instrumental in organizing these over the past couple of years. We always have an ICO briefing session. , so we bring together the representatives in each institution to help them understand the awards and the process. We've run sessions about presenting compelling evidence of impact. It's not just the evidence, but what impact has it had. How to craft a strong narrative. I remember when I was a junior academic, everyone kept telling me, "Yeah, but what's your narrative? What's your narrative? " It's hard to have a narrative. It's love to teach, you know. So creating that narrative, you know, why are you doing what you're doing? What drives you? What is it? How has you been formed? How has your practice has been formed by literature? What's the what's the impact on the students? How do you how have you gathered evidence? And not just the impact on the students, but it could be impact to border society as well. And then we've got sessions on each of the types of awards and these are all recorded. We've got our video recordings of those sessions and they are on they are on a TV on both webs on both websites. >> We should have put a we also offer a mentoring scheme. So we once we know who the award winners are, we contact them and say would you like to give back to the community? And we have 59 mentors from 24 institutions. So sometimes you want to talk to people in your own institution, but sometimes it's good to get a perspective from some someone outside of your institution. , so you might want to look for someone in your area. So if you're in science, have a look to see if there's any mentors in science. If you're in it, who's who's won an award in it? Reach out to them and we can help make that connection for you. , so again, it's on this website, autoutn. Org. And a little bit about the mentors there. Key factors for a successful teaching award application. So, I've sort of mentioned this already, but I will say it again. You've got to have a great narrative, a story to tell, a story that explains a little bit about who you are. I think when the reviewers read your application, they want to know who you are and why you do the things that you do. I repeat myself. And has that been informed by scholarly literature? How are you going to check that you've achieved the things that you set out to do? You can only do that by gathering evidence. And then what impact has that has that had? Then you probably should write about it because you've got everything you need to produce a paper. I know it sounds easy. I know it takes a lot of time, believe me. You've addressed all the subcategories. So for the teaching application, you know, was it about your which category are you focused on? Are you focused on developing the curricula? Are you focused on your innovation or your leadership? Are you focused on the assessment or you focused on your teaching approach? So make sure you choose your category or is it all four if you're going for a teaching award. And then the other one demonstrates sustained commitment. So it's not about just doing one thing for one semester to see if there's change. It's about sustained commitment. So that's why there's that three years. And we have a number of PI patterned us. She used to work at Melbourne Uni and Sydney Uni to run some of these sessions. Qualities of a competitive application. It's actually been planned for some time. These are really hard to write. Sometimes you can, you know, you've got your data there, you've been thinking about it, and you can you can write it write it easily. I found it took me a lot of time. I had to put a lot of thought in my application. I know most people that apply for a teaching, it's they're usually unsuccessful the first time. And I say, "That's great. I've got so much. " It's fantastic. Now you got some feedback and you can act on it. I always treat as a pathway to success. You know, just think of it that way. Could you get feedback and through conversations and discussions that will help you tighten up your application? Several iterations. So, sometimes it's not about just putting everything in. It's about really selecting what's purposeful and meaningful. Sometimes less is more. You know, think about your page. You want to have a bit of white space. You want to sort of really get the assessor's attention. You're writing to the assessor. So, every bit is really, really important. , when you're developing your application, you might have other goals in mind. You might then think about, how could I convert this to a paper? Can I apply for a grant for this? So, think about other things that you can do with the application. You've got feedback. You got feedback locally, you got feedback from mentors, you got feedback perhaps from someone that was successful. You got feedback perhaps from you know your dean education that someone that can champion the work that you're doing. It clearly conveys the aspirations and philosophy the rationale of what you've been doing. Conveys clearly the learning experience the experience it's had on the students and