# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

in just a sec. I appreciate the meeting into your time a little bit. Lisa, sorry about that. Is it creative, imaginative, or innovative yet? Have I explained in my context why it is very similar to what Jess said if it's sometimes common for a reviewer to think, oh well, we've been doing this in the ex discipline for decades. But if you've explained why your discipline traditionally hasn't done it and hopefully evidence why that's the case and shown how this applies now it is creative innovative because it's your application. It could be your setting in your department or swimburn but be careful about just looking like you're slagging off your ex people have taught your unit. This unit was terrible and I took it on. It's great. Like that didn't read very well but that's probably part of the narrative you might well have. But just be careful. And one of the key things about scholarship that I think is missed time and time again for ones that have gone through their institutional approval process and got the AOT is scholarship needs to be both feed in and feed out. So it be based you got to say what you're doing is based on some scholarship or at least some theories understanding or contextualizing in your field. But you should have contributed yourself in some way. We've seen some great examples. I won't go into anything more there. I think that's one of the key things we see a lot missed. People talk a lot about their because they have to their philosophy of teaching and the basis of what they've done and then might mention they went to a conference but you really show how you have fed out to your scholarship. The one thing I'd like to leave you with apart from it being about the citation theme rather than yourself is something that I'm going to for the sake of this room call the chocolate bar test. It's really another measure of evidence quality. If you substitute what you said is the thing that was innovative with I gave every student the chocolate bar at the start of semester and your evidence base kind of holds roughly as credible as it did before. Your evidence is probably not functioning as well as you think it is. And this is as a reviewer I found myself doing this more and more. If we do that for this citation we can really start to see the problems with it. So I've given students chocolate. I gave students chocolate the same. They still enjoyed the class, right? It's great. I love that. My colleagues like chocolate, too. And okay, this one is hard to argue in the application. Chocolate helps students construct their own meaning of subject. So, this is the one that's like actually that one if it was expanded on probably is the most evident bit. The scholarship evidence, if you if there was more credibility, that one doesn't pass my sniff test. These two. The act liking what I did is not evidence that the thing I did contribute to their learning unless my citation theme is about students really hating my discipline and that's if my aim of my thing is to make students enjoy my subject and then obviously have implications to grading and assessment and all those things then arguably that is good evidence anyway. So if you as well, the composite bad thing is often easier to work with than a than a than replicating an amazing application. So I suggest you have a go at the chocolate bar test with what's in your brain right now for your intervention. Just check that what evidence might you give is it going to line up? And if not, come and chat to people in the ex. We've got the four of us here right now about different evidence collection strategies you can do right now because it's going to be June July the time you're expressing interest with EIX. I hope I got that right. Sorry if it's wrong. Is so you've got plenty of time to get that evidence at least one major teaching period. Keep looking at that assessment matrix. It's really well evident if you start reading the higher and the recommended if that gives you what you need to do if that will give you the expectation. We really need to be submitting ones that are mostly higher. You know if you if you have a collection of recommended with maybe one further work that is not going to be successful when it gets to the national level. Ensure that the scholarship is feed in feed out probably more elegant way of saying that. And finally, there's an order suggested ordering application that used to be mandatory and now is free form. In the ones we saw this year, I'm not sure. Anyone who went away from that, it didn't quite work. It sometimes really works really well to start with section D, which is the scholarship part, situate your scholarship and then do the rest. That I can see that one working. But as a panel, we all remarked on the fact that we found a different ordering actually harder to assess. , so definitely have a chat with your peers in your department and then maybe the people in the EIS who are reviewing your application. Is it working that way? And maybe go back to the tried and tested since 1997. Did you say it's kind of in this order? It probably isn't so sort of bad. , so that's my overall kind of re-reflection. Over the last sort of couple of years of reviewing these things. , and I'd like to pass on now to Alisa. , or maybe would you like to do the transition? I'm sorry. >> Thank you. We are lucky at Swimburn to have this source of intelligence that they are helping us as a national assessor. So, and provide us with a great instruction of how things works and how things doesn't work. So now we are going to invite Elisa again from EIX crew. So >> yeah so this is this >> and if you want to point it out I just see this. Yes. >> And then we are going to have 15 minutes at the end for any questions production. >> Thank you. >> Hey, thanks everybody. So, thank you so much to be her friend for inviting us. It was wonderful to see Angel and to our amazing applicants that I recognize and some students as well. , and I apologize I wasn't here and we came in a little bit late, but we had clashes. So, what I think has happened is that you've gotten a really good understanding of both the award types as well as things to put into your applications and things to look out for. So, hopefully what I'm going to do now is to talk about we'll complement that. So, we're talking about what we can do for you to help you in your application process and sort of a broader picture of what teaching awards can be in terms of both reward and recognition for individuals but also part of our broader goals if you like to promote teaching learning quality. That's been so here we go. So, we think about what teaching awards might mean. We often think about well I've done some great stuff. I want to get rewarded for that. I can gain recognition. But we can also then that leads to a career for progression for that individual. We want to think about these in terms of the system that we're supporting across a university context. It's also about community building. We're here today to talk about autout specifically, but we can build in these ideas together like we meet other educators who are doing similar things. We meet other people who are interested in these ideas and by doing this sort of thing we can actually build community teaching and excellence and overall this is the grand plan or grand vision is that we can build a culture that is underpinning teaching and learning excellence and is really valuing that across the institution. I'd also argue that we could feed that back as well. Building a teaching and learning culture of excellence feeds in to connecting people across the university and into ways that individuals can understand how their own practice can be further developed leading into greater opportunities for award recognition. So it's all it's all a big network of people and connecting us together. So I'm really was so excited to see an invitation from you Peter and well done on getting this organized. So as a quick background I've been it's been about a year in EI as you as you all have heard. I'm also a scientist