# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

impact. So we have two annual competitions since 2019. Event you can see during the covid we didn't stop we are running nine work integrated learning panel discussion and workshop training for a students if we do we ask them to do something we need to make sure that they are trained and of course what is I always ask my students ask yourself why I'm doing what I'm doing so they need to receive the tips advice from very diverse stakeholders from journalist from government body, industry, entrepreneur. If you are for example a science students, you want to be a science journalist. What is the pathway? So of course we do care about how we let our students to enjoy their degree and how they come and shine and how we provide them opportunity in the live showcases to present their idea and be acknowledged. Anyway, I guess I have to move and in the process the website and the YouTube channel for shaping the STEM futures is in process and it's just me as one like a group of u educators coming together to make this and that is what we are collecting evidences to go with the national teaching award. That is one example that you can we can discuss and we can you can come with a better idea I'm sure. And of course with what Alli mentioned so there is a QR code for every one of you please join we have a series of interdisiplinary events for you to stay informed about your opportunity and we can make a group and we can work together to make it productive. I know that how many times we apply for a research grant and is rejected. Maybe there are other pathway that we can still show that we have a great idea and that is in the scholarly teaching and that's why I would like to invite and to come and discuss about how we are going to have a successful application and what is the procedure. Thank you so much an for accepting this invitation in a short matter of time. Thank you. I'll just put this already testing. Can people hear me? I don't think it's picking up, but so long as people can hear me. Thank you so much, Peter. Thank you. >> , so as beta said, my name's Angela Carbone. , I am a professor, but also the associate deputy vice chancellor learning quality for the STEM college at RMIT. But before I was at RMIT, I used to work here. , I was the dean of learning innovation and I was here for three years and they were a really enjoyable three years through the people I met. The energy that was in this space and I can see it still here which is great. , just a show of hands. Oh, before I start, let me just get this right. Is that the right way? That one. Yes. Just before I start I would also like to do oh before I mention that these slides will be shared information some of the information I present here is on the university's Australian website I'll say and mention that when you go to that website you will not be able to find anything about the Australian awards for university teaching. It's hidden. So I've put the whole link there to help you find it. It is quite tricky and if you do a search you won't be able to find it. So we're trying to sort that out. I would also like to acknowledge the traditional owners of the land and where we meet today and where I give this presentation and I respect their elders past, present and emerging and also to all Aboriginal islanders of Australia and know that the land is we're on unseated land. All right. So got a bit of an outline. And my outline will talk a little bit about the purpose of autout some go through the guidelines and then planning for an application. But before I go into that, how many people here have heard of the Australian Awards for University of Teaching? Okay, so there's some that haven't. So they started in 1997, so that's almost 30 years ago. In 1997 I was working at ME University as a sessional staff teaching. I was on I was on a contract. I was on a contract for one year, three years, four year and 10 years worth of contract before I was going permanent. And we had institutional awards just like you would have teaching awards at Swimburns. And I had been nominated the way that you got an institutional award. You were nominated by your students. And the first year I was nominated, I thought and you had to in order to apply for an award, you had to write a 15page dossier of your teaching. The first year I was nominated, I thought 15 pages of my teaching. What are they talking about? 15. I had no idea what would I say about my teaching. Yeah, I had students full classes queuing up for my classes. Student I was in computing I had students from engineering coming to see me to get help from me anyway so the first year I completely dismissed it and thought I wouldn't know what to say wouldn't even know to write a page about teaching the second year I was nominated again and colleagues also nominated said oh you should really apply for this and I thought oh I better start giving this some thought so I actually went out to our central team and we're lucky we've got So now >> to say, "Hey, I've been nominated for this teacher award, but I have no idea how to put a dossier together. " And I sat down with one of the lead academic developers or academic capability develop developers, Mel Gily, that was his name. And he sat down with me and described you know what type of awards there were the components the evidence I needed to collect so he gave me a good understanding of what was so I actually had drafted then a 15 u page dossia and I worked very closely with the students that nominated they're nominating for me for this award so I needed to know what why would you put me forward but then I also started thinking about you know because of the questions through the academic what's your teaching philosophy like what's your approach why do you do the things that you do what are you trying to solve what is the thing you're trying to solve why do you do the things that you do are other people doing those things is there literature already there frameworks that you're building on or you developing something new and what evidence have you got to tell you that it's working what is the impact on the student and does anybody else know about it. So all of these questions started to make me think about my teaching. The third year I applied, I actually had produced a 15page dosier and I got the institutional award and at the time the institution then the that was in 1996. The teaching awards came out in 1997. By the time I put my dossier together for a national teaching award cuz guidelines very different at that time they put the three academics that got institutional awards forward and I was fortunate enough to get a national teaching award. Kat was the first female academic to get the national teaching award in 1998. And then from there things started to kick off in my career. But up until that time I was a level a sessional contract teaching in the classroom. But it really opened my eyes to thinking about what not just what I was doing but why I was doing. How is it backed by research or theoretical frameworks that have been applied and what evidence do I need to collect to show that I have an impact? And really, if you want to be good in your teaching, you have to start researching your teaching. Yeah, some people call that scholarship is one way. You're building new knowledge or you're applying existing knowledge. So, that gives you a little bit of background. So, I know about the awards because I was the first female to get the award. Never thought 25 years later I would be running the awards. The awards used to be run by the government of Australia. And with an award with an award in your discipline you got $25,000 and if you got the prime minister's award you got an additional $50,000. These days we're lucky to have the awards still running because people like me we still need them. I think it's really important. Unfortunately, there's no monetary recognition anymore. And