# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

you a question? >> I'm also happy to add one thing as well. >> I've had a couple of scholarship teaching and learning projects go through ethics really quite efficiently. , and if you wanted to talk through what did that look like and how did we approach those projects, I would be happy to chat about that. , because it's it's gone through very quickly with a few comments but not a lot and so it was able to be turned around really quite efficiently. I would like to add to that because we are coming with a I always say like I'm just a graduate from science never training to be an educator then I become an educator and then do you know learning about the curriculum design the assignments sometimes we think that our curriculum is fantastic now I'm reflecting on my curriculum 10 years ago I feel like I overwhelm students with this many tasks so burning and you know that's is kind of a disencouragement so I think it would be great and that's what I hope with the EIX so we can learn as an educator how to come up with the innovative idea but at the same time not disengage the students with too many tasks that we think that is fantastic and also train for something that we never train ethical practice that statistical like these are not what we train as an educator in a science area. So this is totally new type of activity for us but it's part of the process for any educators who want sorry can add also to the evidence right I personally did not actually used anything from any ethics approved kind of document on paper in my application but what I was a wealth of evidence build up over the years from student feedback survey but not just that but also evidence industry partners and output of those interventions such as employability such as for example you know publications that was there from my interventions as a result students generating those research findings so your impact doesn't need to really be from research projects per se it can be a combination of different kinds of levels of evidence so if you really have been crafting you know particular kind of intervention for last few years we've seen that there are specific quotations that shouldn't be surveyed for example that talks to the intervention. You can accumulate that backing up with your student feedback survey bandwidth and it show that sustained impact. That's also one really powerful source of evidence not just only sourcing from research projects per say in learning and teaching. Now with that sorry the only thing I was going to add and I think faith is that forward plan is really key. So if you come to the point where you think there's something really cool that I've done in that unit and I think that's possibly there's great impact that's possibly worth going for an award. Often it's too late to actually do that in that same year. So this is why we start talking about a pipeline that starts you know two or three years before you go for one of these awards potentially. You might think of talk to people in your school who have done in school teaching excellence award talk to people in EX think about building a teaching portfolio. So different things that you've done evidence that what you've been doing is working. Start reading spelling literature. This is different if you've got time and capacity and workload to do that which I know is really challenging. Which is why one part of the education specialist role that are coming in is allocated to this kind of work because it's the sort of thing that is required for you to really raise very strong applications. Kind of need to do this as part of your dayto-day so that you can take advantage of those kinds of opportunities when they come up rather than when the announcement comes out for AE maybe or June thinking yeah I might go for that but then not having that sustained evidence that you can back up with. Sorry about that. No thank you. Thank you Alisa. So I think we are going Thank you for your discussions very interesting. I have a three questions. What would be the impact of teaching multiple courses? So for example, if I'm involved in teaching six to eight courses in a year and then next year all the innovations I introduce remain but I not stay with the course. How do this problem be? Tle to address through awards because seems like we need to take to the same unit for three years and if I so how do you so it's not about teaching the same course it's about your innovation. So your innovation whether you taught one course and then you took to another course. So you still build that narrative because that's part of your philosophy. That's part of the way you teach. That's part of the practice that's supported through the literature. But the other thing if you leave that course and your colleagues are continuing to adopt that practice that's another way to say that your influence has been expanded. So you've left the fact particular and as Ann said it's not about you it's about the thing you know it's about what is the you know you've introduced the quiz well you know everyone introduces the quiz but did you start talking about the quiz benchmarking students with their peers within their classroom but also within the whole lecture cohort nationally other courses it could be that quiz you use as data to inform educators of misunderstandings that students might have to help them change their practice and you know it's a quiz but there's so many things you could talk about the quiz right and there's different forms of quizzes maybe the thing is AI but you intro you know you introduced AI into an assessment because you're trying to produce ethical practices so you might look at the numbers of breaches previously of academic integrity to now how that's you know and there's things that you can do. So don't feel like you have to teach the same laws over and over. >> And I think actually that's strength because if you just show innovation or innovation across different disciplines or could you then it could along theme that you can go across as well whatever the like and take a bigger picture as well. How does this intervention because you're doing different units, right? How does it all fit in line with the course learning outcomes and what kind of impact does it make the course level because all your interventions throughout range of subjects in that course. So there are strengths to that there too. I >> think also if that's the way that things are kind of unfolding, that kind of large movement, this would be a lovely conversation to have in the context of your YTE with your manager to explore your career aspirations and your desire for acknowledgement in some of your teaching innovation. And so how can we think about maintaining that connectedness of you know across the units for that if possible? I know that these are tricky in different departments but I think it's a really powerful and important question to it. It's also the these kinds of interdiciplinary approaches and interdis across units I concur with everything said before but also it does speak to your own development as an educator and as someone who brings in evidence-based lessons into their practice and a short plug you can also bring then that reflective sorry the reflexive practice into your things like advanced H application ations for fellowships and so on. So it all builds on each other and it's all useful and as everyone has said it doesn't need to be limited to a particular unit or intervention. It can be about you as a whole educator in the way that you developed as well. So much. I guess I just want to highlight because our audience for Mercy members are early career researcher and midcareer researcher even our sessional block we really because all the intensive teachers yeah educator specialists. So I really want to see if there are any school level institute level and we learn that there are opportunity for sessional to join the national level. So I guess we all are working very hard and we deserve to come up with some kind of a internal satisfaction of we are going to recognize again I think I need to remind everyone during last 10 years how many research grants in my field science rejected I don't want to bring that kind of a disappointed you know belief to my career but also