# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

about the specific skills and ways of engaging that we wanted students to build. The way we evolved the assessment was we went from having a research essay that won 40% of the mark to having a two-part assessment in which students analyzed some empirical papers and critiqued those articles which held on to some of that. Initial I guess standard practice, but then they were taking that information and flipping it into a health infographic to communicate information in a different way targeted toward a particular audience and something that's very relevant for things like public health interventions, other types of communication in public spheres, even visual abstracts for those students who are interested in going on and potentially pursuing research careers one today. , and so it's really important as you think about telling the story of your award, how you that you're able to articulate how you made decisions and why and what was the problem or challenge that you were setting out to solve. So, , the criteria, the wording tends to kind of change slightly over the years, but in the citation application, you are tasked with responding to a series of board criteria. So, the first one, how did you positively impact on student learning and being able to showcase the time? So, in our project, this was another visual that was included in the application to showcase that timeline. You don't want assessors going but was this really over the minimum timeline. You want assessors to see how things moved and what some of the activities were that you were involved in. So that becomes quite important. Initially see this is going to be you we won an Adobe innovation grant which is such a wonderful opportunity at Swinburn. You get so access to so many resources and learning opportunities and tools and I've continued to draw on that learning in so many different ways. We did sort of a pilot delivery which we decided to actually build a quasa experimental pre-post evaluation around this assessment. I wasn't thinking about teaching awards. I was thinking how do I make this a research program? This sounds fun. And then a more kind of made some adjustments had an evaluation that then continued presented at a national conference and then the unit was ultimately pulled out of the online space and pulled into an onampus elective as part of a mental health an advanced mental health minor which was really exciting. So that how do we now work this for in person delivery. So in this domain the thing that comes up for me having won my award but now having had the great privilege of sitting on as an assessor is evidence and more evidence. It's not just enough to say this was great. You need to anchor it in the same way that you're thinking about that when you write a promotion application for example. And so you want to tell the story. So we talked about delivery modes and that evaluation total students who had been impacted by this learning experience. We used of course the student feedback survey both in the qualitative comments select ones that spoke to this assessment. It's not this is a great unit. It was talking about this particular pedagogical innovation. Our evaluation survey findings that we had which were bright and quite interesting some of the things that we captured and then to show the impact over time. So this was a little graphic that again included in the application to sort of help illustrate to kind of present a little bit of quant data but to do it in a way that was easily accessible. Also being mindful that assessors are consuming a lot of information as they're reading these applications as well. So, what can you do that's going to be easily digestible? You don't want an assessor going, "What the hell are they trying to communicate with this crap? " So, being really thoughtful about that. , and these are some of the examples of quotes that we included in our application that helped to underscore some of the points that we were making and linked back to some of the skills that we were hoping the students would develop. So they're speaking about what they were doing and the creativity something that they felt like they could take into the workplace that applied aspect and so what they were saying was aligning with what we hope that they would get out of it. So helps to tell a cohesive story. Criteria B gain recognition from colleagues the institution and broader community. So, this can look a lot of different ways depending on the nature of what you're doing. You know, I've got the little assessment that could here, but you might be thinking about something much broader. Maybe it's a course redesign or some other pedagogical initiative that doesn't sit directly in a unit, for example. Who knows? But for us recognition from colleagues, we had collaboration with colleagues across disciplines who helped to kind of inform some of our thinking around visual communication. Some of our materials were adapted for use in another disciplinary unit at Swimburn. So it was taken into physiootherapy. Recognition from our institution came in the form of that grant. I won an innovation and teaching and learning award. And then we were we applied for the school teaching award the same year as the AAT because part of the curious path was when we thought well maybe we'll apply for a school award and it went to the fabulous aunt and he goes I think you might have an AAT here and I said what's that so it is important to know words or at least know what people know so that you can start to learn and so that was a really wonderful I mean I can't say enough about the resources we Travis Swinburn to support all of us in this process. And then the broader community, we had a national conference presentation that was delivered during COVID. So they posted it online. So we were able to pull metrics of views to include in the application to evidence some of the reach of that conversation we were having about the assessment. We had some unsolicited feedback from colleagues and we also made our curriculum materials publicly available through the Adobe Education Exchange. And we were also able to then report on downloads of things like our rubrics etc. So again being able to provide that evidence of the reach of your innovation and thinking creatively about what that could look like. You need to think about the creativity that you've shown. Now that may be coming up with something really totally wild and inventive, but it may also be thinking about how did you take something that's maybe done in other disciplines but is novel in yours. How are you drawing? I guess this connects to the next domain that speaks to scholarly work, but how are you drawing on pedagogical research maybe in your discipline, but also outside your discipline? So that creativity doesn't just have to be creating something new the world's never seen, but maybe doing things in a different way for your sphere of work. And so these are some examples of kind of some of the outputs that students produced over time that allowed them to create and play. And I just I love I love all of these. And then the last one, drawing on scholarly literature to inform the development which I've already sort of talked a bit about and attempting to publish. So we have you know presented we've got a paper in the works which white papers take so long to actually come. We were invited to write a chapter which on this innovation which built from the conference presentation etc. So it's a it's a really rich I think experience. So now and I'm talking quickly because I realize that we're running really low on time. Now that I've been an assessor I think the importance to me of getting really clear on what you're doing and why is so important. And I think we knew that as we went along with the little assessment we could but I didn't really actually know where we were going. But it is so important to think creatively about evidence. What you're doing, how you're doing, how it's impacting is going to look differently for all of you. But not to feel sort of I guess limited to just thinking about student feedback surveys, but what are the other sources of evidence that you can draw? Build a timeline so there's no question about the sustained impact and evolution of your work. Use referee letters strategically. So it's helpful if your referees can be can help back up particular points that are important in your application.