# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

but you know you had done some pretty good work that always impressed me. Beta has done a fantastic program. Let's start talking beta that's starting to get really good recognition. You might want to apply under a program award. So there's opportunities there. You just need to have the lens to look at that. I'm sure all of you, everyone in this room is doing something really good. Otherwise, you probably wouldn't be here. You could talk about something in an interview that you've done or your leadership. Leadership is about not you don't have to be in a position. You don't have to have a title, but it's how are you influencing others? Who's coming along with the on the journey with you? How are you helping them change their practice? , or you could talk about your teaching approach, what you're doing in your classroom, how's it supporting learning, how's it motivating and inspiring the students. Whatever you talk about, you need to have evidence to back it. So, they're the subcategories. So, that's where those teaching approaches. , so you choose one discipline category and then one area that you're contributing in one subcategory. I only have to write four pages. When I wrote my first application, it was 15 pages, right? So, four pages. I think most people can manage four pages, but it's actually even harder. Someone said to me, "Oh, if I've got an hour to present, , just tell me the day before. " >> But if I've got to say something in 5 minutes, you need to give me a week's notice because you've got to be really concise. I can ramble. I've got plenty of time at the moment. Well, I might not. But if it was only if I only had a snippet, I have to be really careful what I say. So it's actually harder writing a full page. I know it looks people think it's only four pages. It's actually got to put a lot of thought into that. Awards for teaching excellence. You again you choose one category and this time you have to address all four all four of these subcategories that I just mentioned. You have to talk about your approaches to teaching. You have to talk about how you've developed curricula. You got to talk about changes in assessment practices and how that enhance student learning and you got to talk about your innovation and leadership and scholarship in there too usually. Yeah. So that all sort of gets tied in. And then the awards for programs that enhance learning and I that was a good one that the start talking that's not just in a classroom. It's broader than just one course. , and you know, is it transforming curriculum? Is it about improving the student experience, improving their communication skills? , and there's a 10page claim and you've got to add, you know, referee, supporting materials, you might have some photos, e half of the photos up on the slide. So, , I've already mentioned the subcategories. , and then the once you've written your application, this is the this is what we look at. We look at has the work positively impacted student learning, student engagement. So what sort of data or evidence do you need to show that? And has the program because we look for sustained levels of performance. It's not just a once- off thing. It's you've tried something, you've got the feedback, you've improved it, made changes, you run it again, you've got feedback, you've run it again. So something that's been running for no less than 3 years. Yep. >> How about because they all just kind of research. >> So, so, so what you do early career research is you start now and you start collecting the data so that then you can show your three years. So, early career researchers, if they're teaching, yeah, because this is the teaching award, it's expected that you're teaching. You start thinking about okay what am I trying to do in my classroom what data do I need to get >> mean how long is the definition of how long is like because universities have values that you can consider as four years I think it's five years early career teaching it's five years five years sorry your question sorry >> just a small one what is a unit that's offered every semester so you're talking about three years I assume that's like three offerings, but we can have three offerings within pretty much one and a half year. It's over every semester. >> Yeah, it says no less than three years. So, the idea is that you'll want continuous high performance across three years. So, >> it's offering six years. Yeah. But you've probably already taught this year. You probably got some data as your baseline data if you've tried something. Yeah. >> No, I have for >> And this is for a national award. And usually there's a pathway. The pathway is you start off at the local level. Does your school value what they're doing? Does your institution value what you're doing? Then does the country value what you're doing? Yeah. So this is national law, right? So there's a question out there. >> Oh, there was sorry you might later, but you mentioned a question. You mentioned student data. >> Can you elaborate on what that can include? Yeah, I will. I've got a couple of slides and I can include that later. Yeah. >> the panel discussion at the end if you can please record your question back. >> Yeah. But I will touch on the student data. Gained recognition from colleagues or from the institution. And one way you're going to recognition is by applying for an institutional award and or the broader community or you can get academics adopt your practice. It might be industry providing some feedback or co-designing something with you. Show creativity, imagination or innovation. So has this been done before? It may have been done before but you put it in a completely different context. So in that sense it might be new. Draw on the scholarly literature. You really need to tap into what frameworks, what theoretical underpinnings are providing the foundation for the work that you're about to do or have done. And you might which is what I did. I started to engage in the scholarly literature, find out what others were doing and then I started to produce scholarly just like it would in research. It's very it's not that much different. If you want to make advances in research, you have to investigate. You have to have the evidence. If you want to make advances in teaching, it's the same sort of process. There's matrices that we go through. I'm not going to go through them in any detail, but pretty much all the different assessment criteria are weighted equally and the panel either gives you a not recommend. If it's really good, a highly recommended if it needs further work, they'll highlight that it needs further work or if it's recommended, they'll and every application that applies for a national teaching award will get feedback from the panel with really constructive feedback to help you improve for the next time you apply. Similar sort of details for the Neville Bomber except that you have to when you get recognition from colleagues. It has to be from the you have to include indigenous communities or elders and when you draw on the scholarly literature it has to include indigenous teachings and learnings. Okay. So the assessment process which I just briefly touched on we have a briefing session with all of our assessors. As I mentioned, we have about 200 assessments across the country, mainly at a professorial DBC level, but we have included others. , we've run some briefing sessions with them in September, October. , then they go away, they individually assess three to five applications each and then they come together and they do a collaborative assess assessment. So they check their ratings, have a discussion and then discuss if they need to make any changes and then they provide their recommendations to the awards committee. The awards committees are run by the DBC and then the award committees have the final say before they go off and get approved by the universities Australia board. So it's a bit of a long process. , this is the process that this was a process for 2025. We usually like to start earlier than June, but it depends on we're on a yearly contract with Universities Australia. So negotiating that contract every year why we're running these awards and justification has taken always much longer than we would have hoped. But usually after the contract signed, the process is we prepare the packs. We offer PD sessions for anyone that's