# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

more broadly within your institution. We also run a number of briefing sessions. I have with me here Angeline Sims. She is the manager of the national teaching awards. So all this work here has been diligently done by Angeline and she organizes a lot of these events for connections, networking and collaboration. And then finally we have a booklet. The booklet we produced when the government was giving out some grants. I got a very small grant. Underneath 10,000 but started to produce a profile of all the past what was formerly called the prime minister's award for teaching excellence now the Australian the Australian award for university teacher of the year. So we profile the you know one academic every year that's got the highest teaching award and we've got a record and history of that to see where they're at, what they're doing and every two years we can update this booklet and we can share that around as well. I can share some of these things. They're all available on our website. You would see here there's a couple of websites but you'll see here a AUTN when I got the small graph of the booklet I created an Australian award university teachers network. The reason for that if you look at the history of the Australian teaching awards it was run by the Australian government and a department that department then got closed a new department was opened then it was run by that new department then that department got closed and then it was run by some somebody else and every time we would lose the history and we lose the information it was starting again from scratch to the point that back in 19 2017 Australian government said they're no longer going to sponsor the awards. So, Universities Australia, which is the 42 universities in Australia, the VCs have come together, formed to University of Australia. So, they have one milit awards and continue the awards running through University of Australia. You would have seen over the last two years shaping Australia awards been introduced by University of Australia Mala. , so there's a bit of not competition, it's a different type of award, but there's always a risk that the awards might stop running. So in order to keep all the information and resources we created back then, lucky that we did, we created the Australian Awards for University Teaching. So we store a lot of our resources there. So a little bit about the awards. We have five award types. I'll start off with citations. So, citations, there's eight disciplines you can apply for under citations. There's three nomination categories and we also have the Neville Bonner award. Neville Bonner was the first Nations person to be involved in parliament and so there was an award named after him. We have an early career award and we have award for sessional staff. So, if any does anyone sessional staff here? Okay. So, yep. So, so if you're a session or stuff and that's how I started. So, we give up to 100 awards. Each institution can put six submissions. So, you have your own internal assessment process. I'm going to jump from citation awards to teaching awards because usually the progression is if you get a citation award, you address sort of one criteria and then with the teaching award, you address all four. And I'll I'll mention what they are in a moment. Seven disciplines for the teaching awards, two nomination categories. We offer awards Neville Bonner and early career. We give institutions can put up to three applications forward. And then from the teaching awards, the committee chooses a university teacher of the year and one person gets that. We have a career achievement awards. Is the one that's someone that's been in education for a very long time that's really had an influence. So John Biggs, most people should know John Biggs for his work on constructive alignment. It's used in every institution. So that's a type of person that would give a Korean teaching award. Sally Kit she has done a lot of work on transition pedigogy really big names that you would know. David Ba work on assessment. Some names of people that have done really good things in higher education. But I think and the last one we had Tracy >> Tracy Ber from Universities of Queensland indigenous >> we had an indigenous lady win the award last year just to program awards. So program awards are slightly different. So that's something that might be a program that affects across multiple disciplines or across the university. So you might have a will program you might have a program around just trying some of the program something around supporting the student experience that you're doing for all students across your whole the whole school or the whole college or the whole institution. So they're the types of awards. I've already mentioned a little bit about the Neville Bonner award. As I said, Neville Bonner was the first indigenous person to be in the Australian Parliament. This award is only to applicants who are First Nation people and they have to engage with scholarly literature on the learning and teaching including indigenous scholarly literature. So you have to embed it into spoiler literature. These are our award three main award categories. So we have citations. So you choose one of the disciplines. So you might be related to in your teaching natural and physical sciences, agriculture, environmental related sciences. You might be in the category of engineering, IT, architecture and building. You might come from health, education, business, society and culture, creative arts, or you might be teaching in a multid-disciplinary area. So you choose which category. So most people from this school will probably be in the natural science or the engineering it because you don't have health in this in RMIT. Health is in is grouped in STEM. So you choose one of those and then you select are you going for an early career that means you've got less than five years of teaching experience are you going for an indigenous award or are you a session staff member so that's the categories similar sort of thing for teaching excellence under the programs awards for programs you choose one category from improving the student experience or you're supporting diversity and inclusive practices That's pretty much on the agenda of most universities. , collaboration with educational partnerships. So, how are you embedding will industry partnered learning? What are you doing? Are you co-designing with industry curriculum transformation and innovative pedagogy? , and work integrated learning. These are the categories. And your submission could be the scope of your program could be across the whole institution. It could be discipline specific or it could be somewhere in between. Okay. So, the award requirements. So, with citations, you choose a specific contribution. So, you chose your discipline area that you want to be in. And then you either talk about your teaching approach. So, a little bit more about that in a moment. Curriculum development, effective assessment, innovation or leadership. I think they're on the next slide. Yeah. So, these are the So, you've chosen your discipline. Say you're in science and you might want to choose to talk about one of these things. It might be that you've developed some curriculara or a really good resource or a service that you're provided. It might be that you've changed assessment practices. Now with the age of AI, there's a lot of work being done in changing assessment practices. I remember one of the interviews that I did with ants and he was talking about he was teaching maths at the time and what he did was he gave students different data sets so they couldn't copy of each other and I remember that vaguely but I think that was sort of right and so that was a way to minimize breaches of academic integrity But I think he also got the students to source the data and he used real data. He was getting data from airlines. I think this is right going back over. So you know so you know that was something that I don't know if you've applied for a teaching award national one but you know you had done some pretty good work that always impressed me. Beta has done a fantastic program. Let's start talking beta that's starting to get really good recognition. You might want to apply under a program award. So there's opportunities there. You just need to have the lens to look at that. I'm sure all of you, everyone in this room is doing something really good. Otherwise, you probably wouldn't be here. You could talk about something in an interview that you've done or your leadership. Leadership is about not you don't have to be in a