draft back to us but there's often point at which we still need to do some so we do that in AX but we also have our in-house team of copy editors who can make fix up your typos and make sure it's formatted because as you probably heard or you've already know the formatting requirements for very strict. You really need to adhere to those formatting requirements. , including creating photos and photo collages of applicants, , making sure you've got your references, reference reports, making sure CVs in there if you're doing your teaching. So what we did at EX is that anybody who we thought were ready to put forward for DC approval prior for A submission was we would give them reminders right you're going for you're going for a teaching excellence award you need a CV you need a photo you need XY Z right so there's a bunch of different the sorry the criteria are slightly different across different award types, but the formatting ones also slightly different. So, keeping on top of that, , we'll do that as well, although it's nice when the applicants have gotten organized. , we als Yeah, so we have in-house copy editors. , some final feedback usually was coming to me as the as the lead, but I asked nicely and some other people helped as well. And, , we load it all into the portal and sign off and answer. So that's how that's the summary of supports. But I'm curious about how that's working, how we can build so that we can integrate more of the other things that are helping build capacity in teaching and learning and reward teaching across the university. So this is my just like brain dump slide. We also are supporting advanced H applicants and could anybody that what's that? Okay, that's a whole another session today. So, so it's >> fellowship opportunities with the yeah formerly the higher education academy now it's working to the UK professional standards framework internationally recognized fellowship for teaching and learning capacity. Yeah. So, so that's something to keep in mind. We really want to build that connected process that will sustain build that community build those connections of sustain teaching excellence across the university. Couple of papers here that obviously we need to u do that in line with the strategic priority of the bad astro which is coming out this afternoon. So, I couldn't I couldn't include that in my presentation, but I'm sure there'll be something in there about building and maintaining quality teaching. Okay. So, anything we do will be in one of that. Kelly behind is the lead on the advanced H side. And because I'm academic developer, I'm also an academic and I've been these are a couple of papers that hang out with you on some editing and there's increasing recognition that there's we need to build those integrated models of teaching reward and recognition and capacity building. And so we're thinking about ways we might do that. First of all, keeping it the so a pipeline to awards but also sustaining impact on awardees following those awards. Right? So how this paper in particular said so people got teaching awards what happened after that how did they like that's >> yeah what happens after that how can we share how can you share your knowledge across university I know you have been pretty active in doing that off your own your own initiative right but how can university support community building so that's a question that also has padlet if you would like to put your ideas in there. How can we best support you across each of these stages? Planning. So the same year or the year before you're thinking about it, you're not sure if you're ready. What sorts of things can we do to help you? What sorts of things can we do to help you prepare an application feedback processes and submission? , I'm not sure we could put this out to the whole university, but I think for now we'll start here. And I think that would be I' I'd love to hear from you. , and thank you so much. I think that's it. Good luck. Thank you so much. So, yeah, that's perfect. Thank you so much for all of our amazing guest speakers. , so I know that we have people from Sarowak also. In the teams in the online team I guess we give a bit of like one or two minutes if anyone wants to you know I think we were we are here since 10:00 a. M. So please I just use of maybe one or two minutes. So then we are going to bring in enough chairs. So we are going to start our panel discussion and we really would love to hear your questions at this point because this is something that we can answer. So I just want to see if any of our audience or those people online having that question. >> Oh. Oh, it was right at So, Arisa, please go ahead. Whatever you know you can some assessment follow up to measure how much improvement you got in that scale or whatever it takes another year or so to you know go through the you know changing the applause and all of that so I am wondering what is the catch years for having very rich store cafe. Yes, >> I can answer both parts of that. Reverse order if I may. So, best person to talk to about the second problem is your AU. Because it could well be that your unit outline is maybe too specific right now and not allowing you the flexibility to make sense tweaks to an assessment. It's perfectly fine next ad h to have an assessment description that does allow some flexibility. Not completely changing everything of course it has to go through the school academic committee but that is a process that governed by the school and so I'll have to handle that as for ethics actually the final third of our ethics masterass is covering ethical considerations so our advice is usually that it is worth seeking expedited ethical review in fact it's not called that anymore it's called an exemption from ethics it's still a very it's still form. It's about a two-pager and they normally get back in 48 hours a decision because most of the things we want to collect as teachers about our students fall within that particular part of national statement that is covered by exempt from ethics applications. That also gives you the flexibility to then go and publish and of course as we've seen today the scholarship learning and teaching is so important in both school and the VC's awards and AUT awards that having that flexibility to then go and publish about it is very important. However a decision was made by our executive group in line with our data policy that we give to students which to paraphrase says we collect data for a primary purpose and we tell you what that is i. E. Getting your feedback. However, if a reasonable student would expect this data to be used in a secondary way that's also okay. The policies written in leaps speak. So please don't take that as verbatim but that's the buy and so get using student feedback as part of celebrating great learning and teaching and improving learning and teaching we believe would be I say we believe sorry the executive group believes is in keeping with what a down the pub test would give to student data. So, it's really only when you're collecting additional data beyond say student satisfaction scores or the open comments you get in the student satisfaction surveys. , and maybe I didn't emphasize enough in my talk, you need more than that, certainly for a application, that's when it's you need that expedited ethics approvals usually, but there are gray areas. , and so your school ethics advisor will be able to kind of give you the shades of gray in that answer. I just add to that real quick. So, sorry. >> All right. So, meanwhile, we are waiting for Alisa to add that. , so do you want to ask you a question? >> I'm also happy to add one thing as well. >> I've had a couple of scholarship teaching and learning projects go through ethics really quite efficiently. , and if you wanted to talk through what did that look like and how did we approach those projects, I would be happy to chat about that. , because it's it's gone through very quickly with a few comments but not a lot and so it was able to be turned around really quite efficiently. I would like to add to that because we are coming with a I