# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

back as well. Building a teaching and learning culture of excellence feeds in to connecting people across the university and into ways that individuals can understand how their own practice can be further developed leading into greater opportunities for award recognition. So it's all it's all a big network of people and connecting us together. So I'm really was so excited to see an invitation from you Peter and well done on getting this organized. So as a quick background I've been it's been about a year in EI as you as you all have heard. I'm also a scientist by training. So I can connect with some of the ideas that you all have and understand that this is a different way of presenting your work than necessarily a promotions application or you know a manuscript or something like that. It is a different way of writing but I won't talk about that because people have talked about that a lot. Okay. So if we can start thinking that's our big picture. So what we're doing at Swimburn is we have a number of different award types from the local school level through to international that we've kind of gathered some resources and some advice about and this is very slide don't worry about it school teaching excellence awards EIX will host a canvas support page which has resources we have dropin support we can late the application ations for the schools and send out the review criteria to the schools, but the schools have their own panel of assessors and award decision processes. Then of course we've got the vice chancellor's awards they're supported by people and culture now. They're not supported by any more. So this is if we're going for the school level to the university level. Then of course we got to add which is what we talk about today. Again we've got a canvas site and I'll go through some of the other supports there and of course a based network a TN Australian university Australian awards for Australian university teaching network. Thank you and specific workshops and really comprehensive resources. So what we do normally is to link out to those specific resources but we do have a process that we go through as well. This is just a picture of some of our school teaching award excellence award winners just okay so that we have a bunch of different award types but what we've done is it's got a overall canvas site where we have as I said resources for to help people with these applications it's got resources for all those different award types as I said we collect applications for the school teaching excellence awards and we also link out to other things for But I'm curious to know and we'll probably have a chance to chat about this. You know, who's used this site? How do you use it? We can do that later. I don't know if we got time, but yes, think hold that thought and Jessica and bring that to me. And how can we move beyond maybe a collection of laws in this kind of support site? And as I said, this is all of teaching and excellence awards in one site. You know, would be better to have a different format, etc. , one thing that we've done is we've tried to sort of for 2025, we move the timelines around. , and myself had a bit of a brainstorm and we fixed things up a little bit so that the internal awards application processes align a little bit better with promotions processes and a little bit better value. So for example and I'll just quickly let you backtrack a little school teaching excellence award is assessment criteria but based on those intent so it provides a developmental pathway if you like towards learning the application. So for anyone in the room who's considering a school teaching excellence award application I think that's a good place to start it's because you will be assessed against the same criteria with slightly different level than the AUT and it will give you a good understanding of how to start such a board. So we moved it around. This is 2025. This may well change depending on when the AUT are announced for 2026 but we will work with that as we go. We changed this. So, I'm not sure if you can kind of figure this out in your in your mind, but we had the we had various supports with school teaching awards and a decision made in time for promotion applications. So someone got a school teaching award as well as a little bit of time here in between the school teaching award close and the AUT close in case someone was so fantastic with something just all right so that's our timelines but currently in 2025 this is how we with myself as one main people decided that we support application. So we wanted to kind of provide a bit of a pathway for applicants here through an EI AOI process through the draft a peerreview process for the drafts and all the way through the application process feedback on whether or not this was sufficient or would do differently is very welcome. So I'll just go through each of those in a in a moment. So we had the expression of interest where we had once the AUTS were announced we'd get a EI process through markup forms. What I asked it was open to everyone at I asked for an overview of your initiative or your plan. We've had to well applicants had to look at the AUT criteria, the award types, nominated award type they thought they were going to be applying for. Quick overview about of the their responses to those assessment criteria, which I'm sure you've heard a lot about already this morning. And also thinking about key points of evidence that they could include because this was this is often a something that's not as well developed in world applications. They're evidence that they might not have sources of evidence. We think about if we do this within the same year for your submission, you might not have time to get that evidence. So we want to kind of put this pipeline further back. So that we've got more of a chance to collect that evidence. Haven't said that. Okay. Communication channels we had via Viva engage which is a universitywide chat e newsletter we notified everybody that didn't enroll in that canvas spot and we also notified curious to know did anybody not know these awards were coming out because if so we all ch we may if I'm back to my network diagram main thing we need to do is we need to figure out how to detail and work together. So if we can do this better, >> let us know. Peer review process. I didn't have any cool pictures for this. Although there's two of the peerre so what we did was we once EI expressions of interest came through me I gave people feedback and encouraged them to present to submit a draft review. Once the drafts came in for peer review, we sent it to two peers within the who had detailed learning expertise well versed in the A criteria. They assess those against the standards and gave feedback and recommendations for next steps similar what was talking about for the work needed recommend for review highly recommended and so on. So essentially we've got a mini assessment process in there. , has anybody gone through did that with you? Sorry. , we didn't get if anyone's gone through >> so that was helpful. >> So, we thought that was going to be helpful and it's very encouraging to know that it was helpful for those who went through. , that's something we're probably going to retain. , and again, part of building community, part of building connections across university. , I'm sure Kim does fine me putting this picture up though and actually constructed this photo. So, that's good. So, actually there's still a fair bit of work to do after this. So towards the end once you've gone through peer review we ask the applicants to send a final draft back to us but there's often point at which we still need to do some so we do that in AX but we also have our in-house team of copy editors who can make fix up your typos and make sure it's formatted because as you probably heard or you've already know the formatting requirements for very strict. You really need to adhere to those formatting requirements. , including creating photos and photo collages of applicants, , making sure you've got your references, reference reports, making sure CVs in there if you're doing your teaching. So what we did