intensive teachers yeah educator specialists. So I really want to see if there are any school level institute level and we learn that there are opportunity for sessional to join the national level. So I guess we all are working very hard and we deserve to come up with some kind of a internal satisfaction of we are going to recognize again I think I need to remind everyone during last 10 years how many research grants in my field science rejected I don't want to bring that kind of a disappointed you know belief to my career but also we want to see how we can come to be partner. So if someone else is using my initiative in their unit once I left then we can be a partner and we can come and go together. So I guess this is the same because we have against our SAR colleague online. So if they are joining us with a program or if we are joining them is there a place and that this is also going to be considered in a national the Australian award university teaching but they partner with an academic in Australia. So long as there's a partner and one of the iss educators and we are partner with someone in Sarat or partner with the academic from the different institute. >> Yeah. But it would have to go under the Australian, you know, it's a more structure. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> But it shows the influence that our idea and partnership works not just in Australia and outside Australia. So >> all right. So can we a few here? So all that what actually say is that it has to come by the operating institutions and we have to be a man and has to be some 10% maximum. So there are very specific criteras not under the team nominations specific >> but we've had team nominations not be eligible because there were too much thank you so much for all your help this year because after all can >> I just add I'll just talk loud is this in contrast to school teacher awards where there is going to be TN and Sarawak awards and VC's awards. So this is the AU award. So there are the stepping stones towards national awards which I'm sure potentially there are Malaysia national teaching awards that we investigate as well that could be interested in so the stepping stone awards which they're still very valid awards they're very hard to get. They are available on our campuses. >> Great. >> Considering the time we are going to collect the last question and then we invite everyone who are attending in person to join us for the lunch questions online. I thought you said there was some questions online. >> No. >> Okay. First of all, I want to say thank you very much for making today and really appreciate it. Today is not a very good day to talk because of chicken noise, but you talk about the encouraging people in the young generation and ask them to learn more and help with their kids actually. But we have another group of people especially orange door and in large housing we collecting these kids and this varian from the street and it's on my honor to be involved of this mandal and we are teaching there as well but we've been providing some basic information about the grace cast some of our services about how they can have a look of any which has breast cancer as well. So I just want to know you know which part of this engine will be very informative seminar can cover this part of job. Of course, a line of my teaching project I'm doing some session teaching and really love to have live in June or July maybe on this year but do you know how they can cover outside education that it's not actual student bachelor master because they don't they didn't have a chance to be educated and I remember when I started I'm going to earlier I remember when we started and some of them they never comparison talk a lot of us talking about different culture of conversation so I know it's a little bit upsetting especially at the end of this beautiful seminar but I'm pretty sure you guys have some connection to introduce me and let me know how we can be bright and shiny not because we want to say oh yeah I'm here because I want to ask other people to show you accessible and during their time when we listed enjoyment time. So yeah some sometimes philosopher among the more people and they can do something really that's the reflection of what we are doing in training or educating people outside the educational sector but yeah So this Australian awards for university teaching is really about the teaching that happens in the university. It might be an opportunity to think about how you appear into the university bonus and that's the most but there are other awards the shame Australia awards shame Australia awards are about university educators having an impact on community and this is exactly what you're doing what is the impact you're having on community so maybe the Australian awards for university teach is not the right award the It's shaping Australia awards in design. So we had one of the academics kind of shaping Australian water because they were using copper beads to make you know organic products to make concrete. Yes. But you would be using your knowledge as an educator to support this. If you can bring that knowledge as an educator to support this group of women and what challenges they're facing and the impact it's having, you know, have a look at have a look at those, see if they might be suitable if anyone else has got. Yeah, amazing work. I think if you're thinking about within Swingburn awards if you're doing a partnership with community and making an impact there then as an said national award might be the shaping Australia award but within Swimburn the VC awards do have a lot of categories that kind of speak to those kinds of initiatives so I' you know recommend you as I said we don't we as an EIX don't support BC awards directly anymore but that goes through peace and culture but I definitely have a look at that because it sounds like they're the sorts of awards that these are the sorts of initiatives, pardon me, that those awards really should go to. So and well done to you as well. There is some people they call them and this is actually important to go with that. We can encourage them and heard them access to university. Some of the mothers, they leave kids and they have children who live in a temporary accommodation with them but they end up to university just because they saw someone and give them to you know listen to them. I think that's must that's that's why it's one of the good encouraging people or supporting each other you know to get through but every little information or every little things about have the access to the website have can fill the application if you have any feel free to have a contact with me definitely you have my supervisor so I'm a student will be supervisor and I'm very familiar with people in this organization. >> I guess I guess the I just wrap up. First of all, thank you so much. I want to appreciate the time that our amazing guest speakers spent today for us. So I invite everyone to appreciate sharing the knowledge. I guess the purpose of this of this type of the events I always learned that if I invest 10 years then my PhD student doesn't need to invest 10 years. She can go with one year because we just need to stay informed and come up with a community of the best practice. I really believe in that and if I want to have one vision in this world with making the future a better u the world a better place to live is just to stay connected. I think we need each other and we support each other and I think that's why I really appreciate all the insights all the comments all the instruction we've provided. Hope this is the beginning of you thinking reaching out to the people and asking for your mentors and sharing the idea and then coming with a fabulous you know idea that it can help and improve our society of practice. Thank you so much and yes because nearly 30 years ago the government introduced fellowships. They don't run anymore but I knew nothing about fellowships and was me coming to an event like this where