is the international society for scholarship teaching and learnings and we were really inspired when we with the wonderful pedagogical approaches that people have taken and we're quite comforting to hear that you know people across the globe in the teaching space are actually encountering the same challenges and I believe that through a lot of dialogue and collaboration that we can overcome that together in the very near future. I'm looking very I'm very positive about that. So you know but first of all thank you so much beta for inviting me to share today my experience and my journey in applying for a citation award with the autout and so my citation really oh sorry there we go. So my citation was actually entitled empowering health science students to thrive in work integrated learning through crafting a professional identity and scaffold of industry engagement and my application was based on these three key words that we see three elements that we see here primarily because when I was a the course director of the bachelor of health science the immediate gap that I saw was that my students often struggled with professional identity and purpose and the reason for that there were two reasons. First of all because bachelor of health science is quite a broad degree. It equips students with broad range of skills in health and knowledge. And often they choose the degree because it is that broad. Now there are opportunities to major in different disciplines and special specialtities but they do take some time to start thinking about the careers they want to actually pursue. Secondly also that students don't often think about that even because there's actually no mandatory professional placements not like in courses with a you know placement experience that's mandated by professional accreditation bodies. We don't have that. So in order to actually try to get students start thinking about building that professional identity we need to really bridge that gap by having these you know authentic curriculum or experiences with industries. And because we've got almost a thousand students, it's impossible to place every single one of them in the host organization. So the citation actually speaks mainly about creating a one-year scaffolder approach to bring industry partners onto campus whereby our students will work very close with our partners honorable research question and actually generate outputs. They have been recently actually one of them have been recently been published by an industry partner and some of them have used the findings from the students to actually create data fact sheets for community etc. So there has been quite a lot of a good outcome for both industry partners and our students in terms of employability as well. Okay. So it's all about trying to get people to build their professional network with this opportunity but also to build work skills and to also be start to reflect upon you know the career planning journey as well. So this is my little road map to my journey crafting autation. This obviously will be different for every single person who's applied for it as well. Now as Ed has said also you know a lot of times we forget to connect our practices with scholar literature and things like that. So when I was an early career academic you know when I inherited curriculum and I could see a problem in there I'm so excited to fix the problem but often I don't go back to think about okay why do I have this sort of mentality and mindset and also you know what is other people actually doing to approach the same or similar problem. So, it's really important to make sure that as you are thinking about applying for different kinds of awards, not just the AAT, but you know, things like the school teaching excellence award, the bias chances award, is to be able to back up and support your pedagogical approaches with literature. , and also to take the opportunity to reflect upon what you actually love about teaching, educating our students. And as you read literature, pick out the pedagogical approaches and theories that resonate with you as a teacher because then you'll be able to speak much clearly and loudly in your narrative on your passion that comes out through the narrative but also at the same time as supporting those interventions that you have created. So just some examples that I have given here which is basically my scholarship learning teaching and also my teaching philosophy is based on a variety of different kind of theories as well including the vagodsky theory of social constructivism authentic curriculum and there's now actually a much more a lot of a lot of emphasis now on signature pedagogy whereby students are now encouraged to start thinking and doing things just like what industry is expecting. So there's a lot more you know a lot of literature that's been published in recent times about pedagogy and I encourage you to actually look at that as well and see whether your practice how does it apply to what industry needs and wants and also once you actually be able to find the teaching philosophy then you can go on to make more sense of you know what are the gaps that needs to be addressed in the curriculum that you have. So I'll giving you some examples here. So first thing that I've spotted was that students often struggle with group work. They hate group work etc. And in one particular unit that's within the scaffolded approach that I've created is that students were given an assignment that was group assignment due in week five of the semester right they had no time to actually build the connections this with their with their peers. They don't have time to really think about how they want to work as a team and they will already assess 20% of the assessment already doing week five and that unit also had another component which another 30% also group work as well so you know there was a lot of flashback from students saying you know we don't like working with other students you know we you know don't know these students things like that and what was worse was during covid so all the group discussion had to had to happen on collaborate ultra online and people don't know the campus was so difficult But regardless whether it was online or on campus, I knew that you know students need to have time and opportunities to build that central intelligence. So I give them plenty of opportunities to actually take the time to get to know each other, build team dynamics, negotiate how they want to work as a team through a group contract and then also give them opportunities to assess their own contributions and develop during the group assessment. The second thing I knew that was a little bit of a disjoint in the unit is that students thinking okay they do this research unit for example you know although yes we do research tells us but what's it really got to do with me but what are my nutritions so I had to make it really explicitly very clear about how we can apply what we learn in research for example to different disciplines in health and finally there was no vulnerable experience you know there were just teachers giving us examples of what students could research about. So in that case I changed that experience completely to having industry partners coming here right on campus and providing us with the real research question for us the students to work together with them to find a potential solution. So these are some examples of what I did in trying to start crafting my journey towards applying for an award. And then as you're building these interventions as well, it's also very important to start evaluating the effectiveness of interventions. And usually the richest dialogue that you have is with, you know, informal conversations with students, teaching staff, industries, and community. And because that's so organic and that's not even solicited and you just ask them for feedback, right? And obviously there are more formal ways to get feedback through surveys, testimonials and sometimes I even get emails saying this is a fully experienced you know a really great opportunity to actually get to know industry who they are what sort of jobs they are in etc. Okay. And never be shy, like what Angel was saying, never be shy to actually share practices. Whether things have failed, whether things have been, you know, successful, they're all just as equally as important and valued. So share that with everybody else as much as you can. You know, it could be at a departmental teaching you know, seminar, it could be a school seminar, or it could be within communities