# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

might then think about, how could I convert this to a paper? Can I apply for a grant for this? So, think about other things that you can do with the application. You've got feedback. You got feedback locally, you got feedback from mentors, you got feedback perhaps from someone that was successful. You got feedback perhaps from you know your dean education that someone that can champion the work that you're doing. It clearly conveys the aspirations and philosophy the rationale of what you've been doing. Conveys clearly the learning experience the experience it's had on the students and presents some compelling evidence. So I might have here if I come back to that one. Okay. So examples of good use of evidence. So here's one and I this will be shared but here's one where they've got a graph in there. And so they might be using some qualitative data and it might be some you know data that you get from your student satisfaction survey in this case. It's got a narrative that you've spoken in the you know why you've done what you've done. You've explained the graph. You might be embedding it with some scholarly literature providing the theoretical work that you've been using. You've explained the data. You've triangulated the data in this case they've triangulated the data with the qualitative data but also with students experience but also with peers as well and they extend what they've done and link it to research. So have a look through that or read through that. And that's one good use of data and similar in this case descriptive data. So you know that's really powerful. Sometimes that'll be the qualitative data the context and narrative. You might be speaking to students that have already graduated. So it may not just be the students in your class now, but those that have graduated that had your experience as a teacher and what you taught them. They can come back. They might now be a CEO of a company. They might be working in a company doing some really great things. You may have received recognition and awards prior to going for a national walk. Mention that because that tells the assessors, oh, this has already been recognized globally in your own institution. That's a great thing. , and student feedback. So, that's sort of some good use of evidence and data. Before we go there, , common issues I'm just going to I haven't even checked the time. Am I out of time? >> You are right. >> Right on time. Yes. Are common issues that reduce application effectiveness. Failure to communicate coherence and quality of approach and impact. That's why you need someone to sit there and read your application and really interrogate it and say so what where's the evidence? What where's where's the research that backs this? Restricted evidence of student experience impact. So yes, you need to have the student experience data. Yeah. And lastly, other surveys that you might do with students, you might be interviewing them. , restricted evidence of broader influence. So really, it's not just about what's in your classroom. It's sharing your practice as seen in there adopted more broadly drawing on the scholarly literature. And then again, it can't just be on one soft thing. It's got to be something that's sustained. I know an used to run the math lab. That's something that's been going on for a very long time. And probably each year he refineses it or he does something different. And he would have data. He would have data on perhaps students grades, perhaps students attendance. He would have data from tutors that support the students. He would know some of the common misconceptions and that may influence the practice that the teachers do because he's fed that back. So there's ways that you can shape your applications. It depends on your context. Look, that's really it for me. I'm really happy to take questions, but hopefully that gives you a bit of a background around the National Teaching Awards and I hope to see you if you haven't applied for next year maybe this year. Yes. Questions. First one for the citation category. Is it the three years evidence? >> Yeah, citations are still three years. Yeah. Yeah. And does the citation means citation in terms of paper citation? >> No, no, no, no. It's just called the name of the category if I just quickly go back. >> It's Yeah, it's just the title of its own. Yeah, I know. I used to think the same because citations in the research world, we think about, you know, people citing our papers. No, it's called citations for outstanding. You could write award for us for outstanding contributions to learning but they call it a citation not to confuse it with the teaching award. So >> and about the student evidence from students and do people usually upload their student feedback like with the school and everything or just post enough >> they don't upload everything. Because you this is the if you upload everything the panel will say well they don't have a narrative. What you have to choose the evidence that supports the story that you want to tell. Yeah. So you might pull out a couple of quotes from students. Yeah. That really supports something that you want you want to show. So there is no appendix or something to add to that. Angeline I can't remember >> we can come up with the u further questions in the panel discussion we have a Q&A at the end I just want to say thank you so much I know that how busy Angela you are along the 365 days per year this point even further but you accepted to be here and it was all about being aware of your opportunities. Don't get disappointed your research grants rejected. You have other options. Just come together and of course Dix we have Swimburn are coming and we they are going to help us. So just to say thank you to you an and I have two comments. So if you're looking for any of those websites or catalog or online catalog we have our fantastic internship students. I'm just coming from 30 meetings with the industry partners. They were very highly satisfied from the internship performance. So you can act as a client the like a UT can act as a client and we can offer that internship experience to our students. Okay. >> So that's the first thing and the other thing we are organizing the wheel Australia 2026 in Adelaide. So if you are starting planning something or you already have a plan maybe along the way before you get to the national level you want to present in October 2026. If you have any question please come and ask me and of course I just want you to celebrate what you have achieved and I think this is just a bit of taste from Adelaide. Thank you so much very inspiring. Thank you so much. Thank you, An. And now I would like to invite our next group of guest speakers which is again a group of very inspiring educators we have here. So and of course a support I'm going back here we are. So the topic for this session is going to be insights from the citation Venus and national assessor. So here you are. So fate you can use of this. If you have anything to point you can use of that this is and then no worries you can walk and you can also >> I just want to make sure that the online people they can hear you very well because we have Sarowak people. >> Oh yes of course. Yeah, thank you. >> And of course I have questions from an in the panel discussion for Sarabak educators who are following us because I want to know how as a international you know collaboration we can apply for the national teaching. Thank you but I wait for that question but >> okay all righty thanks very much for being here today. Lovely to see you Angela again. But Angela and I just came back from New Zealand from my sort which is the international society for scholarship teaching and learnings and we were really inspired when we with the wonderful pedagogical approaches that people have taken and we're quite comforting to hear that you know people across the globe in the teaching space are actually encountering the same challenges and I believe that through a lot of dialogue and collaboration that we can overcome that together in the very near future. I'm looking very I'm very positive about that. So you know but first of all thank you so much beta for inviting me to share today my experience and my