Good morning everyone and welcome to this workshop which is the AA connection workshop. I just go with the abbreviation to make sure that we all aware at the end of this workshop what is the A aut stand for but stay tuned. We are coming with a lot of good information and I think this is just for us to stay informed and connected and be aware of our opportunities. So before I start introducing the agenda I would like to go to these acknowledgements of the country. So the plants that I selected is one of our indigenous plants that our research team use for the purpose of phatistics pharmaceutical and you know any applications of these endopites and their bioactive compounds in the sustainable agriculture. The points that I want to say that we really acknowledge the traditional owner of the lands and all the great knowledge that they establish to cover and to look after all the living system in the land is not just us human. We have in microorganisms that are not visible to us. So we come up with some do you know bringing all the ideas together to protect the lands and we want to pay respects to their elders past, present and emerging since we have people joining from Sydney, Melbourne, Malaysia. So I want to respect to all of this traditional honor. Of course we are coming with this agenda. So we are going to introduce shortly about who we are as a host. I will invite Ali to introduce Mercy and I just give you a snapshot of shaping the STEM futures program as one of you early career researcher mid-career researcher how you can come with your initiative and hope to get recognized hope to get awarded that's the pleasant experience and of course nothing can come through if you don't know what is the instruction uction and of course we have an here so she's going to provide us the key strategic and she's a national leader of organizing this event so she's going to tell us about how we can plan prepare and how we can come together and apply for this so of course that is going to be follow with some of our champions who are going to share their experience and their stories of success. So and they share their insights from the citation awards that they got through this process and of course we have ants as a national assesses of this assessor of this application and that is going to come up with okay now we are all one swimburn so how swimburn and eix is going to support us through this journey and for the success in this application. So in fact this event is just for us to stay connected and being aware of the opportunity and of course follow the instruction and start planning preparing collecting evidences. All right and we have a panel discussion at the end. You can come with your question that will be very helpful and useful. Yeah of course I would like to also invite Alli. So it was three weeks ago Alli came to my office and we just discuss about how we can support our colleague especially early career researcher and mid-career researcher and then so I had some idea and then we share and we come up with this event. But before I go ahead and talk about the shaping the future Ali I would love for you to talk about the mercy and h what is your vision and what you hope to achieve. >> thanks Peter for everything that you did to make this happen and thanks for joining us from RMIT University. So and I look more presentable there I know so this mercies was actually something that we initiated early this year. Episode is actually short for meet an early career researcher and it's a kind of initiative supported by swimman research. So we report directly to Karen who is the DBCR and the idea behind that is actually to support ECR and MCR and one of the things that we saw that is very important and usually we don't talk about it is actually teaching capability and skill set that you need to gain as ECR or MCR. So for all of us usually the way that we approach it is that you have a supervisor that tells you that oh do you want to have teaching so you go and take the tutorial sheet you go to the classroom usually the first few times you're shaking your stress but then you get used to that and you try to deliver it the way that you learn it from other peers and after a few years what will happen that it's actually something that happened to me I'm research only but I had a few teaching in the past then you realize that there is actually a framework and there that there are ways that you can understand what is your how is your performance in terms of teaching and how you can improve it and Angela actually is doing one of the I think most well-known one in Australia national nationalwide and we were thinking we had this conversation with beta that maybe instead of just being agnostic and going to the classroom and trying to deliver and doing the best that you can do it's good to know what are the expectation in the few years from you as a good teacher and maybe you can start planning about that and that is what this event is about and mercy in general we running a lot of events particular for ECR and MCR but everyone also are invited >> thank you so much Ali thanks I guess following what just Ali said I'm also started of course I think now I'm in the maybe mid-career researcher but as a early career researcher a lot of conversation around I'm sure that you're coming from different discipline you hear that how We and institutes they actually acknowledge the research but how about the re teaching the question is are we all going to receive the I think that heavy workload of teaching then how are we going to present ourself of course we do care about the quality of our teaching so the shaping the same futures but I'm not going to present it today that's another just I'm going to introduce it as I started in fact with the small grant that I got in 2019 an actually provided me with that grant it was just one assignment in one unit and I reflected use of the framework what is the expectation for the science graduate what do we expect them to achieve beyond the graduation do we train them as we all experience in isolated schools departments. Students also experience the same thing. They also need to have this interdisciplinary skills, communications, all of these. The question is are we at like in the institute are we providing them the opportunity or they are just going to the fantastic course with the fantastic units and assignments and activities. So yeah there need we need I think the gap was how we can make a bridge between different disciplines and let the students to shine and giving them having the agency to act as a science citizen that is what the framework is expecting from the at least science graduate I'm sure that it's from any discipline so shaping the same futures with that brand that I've got and that is the 2009 19 as a proof October 2019. So we have Rory was a winner. So he is and still I see him in the campus a physic students coming with a 4minute video of his idea to tackle a real challenge. So any entry to shaping as shaping STEM futures is the multidisiplinary platform for students to come with the entry of four minute video. Everything is in a video. If it's a poster, if it's your prototype, mobile application, you work with the industry in the internship, in the capstone project, in the unit, your assignments, you can find it a group or individually you submit your farm minute video, talk about the challenge, your idea and then what is the impact. So we have two annual competitions since 2019. Event you can see during the covid we didn't stop we are running nine work integrated learning panel discussion and workshop training for a students if we do we ask them to do something we need to make sure that they are trained and of course what is I always ask my students ask yourself why I'm doing what I'm doing so they need to receive the tips advice from very diverse stakeholders from journalist from government body, industry, entrepreneur. If you are for example a science students, you want to