# VIDEO: AAUT Connection workshop. Building confidence and community | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

where we were going. But it is so important to think creatively about evidence. What you're doing, how you're doing, how it's impacting is going to look differently for all of you. But not to feel sort of I guess limited to just thinking about student feedback surveys, but what are the other sources of evidence that you can draw? Build a timeline so there's no question about the sustained impact and evolution of your work. Use referee letters strategically. So it's helpful if your referees can be can help back up particular points that are important in your application. So as opposed to being like saying this is a platinum feature, it's this innovation has done this. And so it becomes another source of evidence to just really hit the nail on the head to support your application in a strategic way. And so for us, we had sort of our dean, but then we had an academic in another discipline who had adapted the material. So when they were able to anchor that and live that point that we were making, , connect the dots. I guess that really relates to those other points. Don't leave assessors guessing about the point you're trying to make. Be really crisp about if you're saying we did this, this is why, or this is how it impacted, this is what we did, this was the impact that it had. So anchoring those statements with evidence, and that's especially important because you should anticipate that the assessors are very possibly totally outside of your discipline. So you may know something's novel in your area, but if you don't spell that out, someone, you know, someone in a totally different area may go, well, we're already kind of doing it over here. You've got to tell that story that it's novel in your space. It's created in your space, innovative in your space. I want to acknowledge my colleague James Williams and fellow awardee my department and school who are so beautifully able to support creativity in our work. The team at EIX the support is there and it is beautiful and so constructive and helpful and I feel like it's such a gift to have EIX at Swinburn. Truly I do. My door in the back just and the AAT. So, one of the things that really surprised me both as a citation recipient but also as an assessor is just the thoughtfulness and integrity of the it is such a beautiful process and whether you're successful or you're not, you get really constructive feedback, more feedback than you get if you get or don't get a promotion. And that's probably because it's run by teachers who want to give good feedback, but it makes it such a rewarding process. So I wish you all the best and thank you very much and >> thank you so much. And now we want to I see that the EIX crew arrived >> but yeah of course the rest of the time before the panel discussion is going to be lead by EIX and we want to know as a early career researcher and mid-career researcher we learn how we come to have the opportunity to be recognized I'm afraid I'm actually part of the original one which I'm about first of all if that's right my experiences as an assessor Yes, of course. Hopefully things don't harm. >> Yes, you are going to represent the national assessor, but the rest of the team Alisa is going to be here to provide the instruction and for Swimburn colleague how we can complete the successful application similar to what Faith and Jessica achieved. Thank you. >> Thank you. I'll skip a certain bit because we so eloquently. Thank you. What I want to talk today I've probably seen around 40 to 50 citations so far initially as an internal reviewer for LTU at that point and the ex of course and then more recently last couple of years I've actually been a national reviewer on the citations panel so I've seen some here and a lot like when we're doing marketing I appreciate most of you are probably in the middle of marking right now I want to take the mood down compared to what we've just heard which is really positive stories is to potentially a smores board of things I've seen over the last few years that I've tried to avoid doing. I'll take a different spin of how to avoid this column of the assessment matrix which is called further work needed. In theory once it's gone through kind of all the sort of checks and balances that we do internally and at least it will tell you some about some of those. This is the most common bad news story you'll get. You're unlikely to see anything lower than this because we probably wouldn't have submitted it. It might be that we thought you were over here and we submitted it and in fact the assessors thought you were in that further work. So I want to give examples of things we see in the further work category without going through every box. So here we've got a kind of a composite citation application. This is really four pages and this is a collection of very common things. Imagine all this is longer with more evidence. I'm very passionate about my teaching. My students love my classes. I've consistently received high student satisfaction scores, positive constant surveys. I've done a thing. I've implemented a new quiz system which students enjoyed. My colleagues agree that I'm a good educator. , and I've attended workshops. I've read articles on pedagogy and I consider myself a constructivist. This is a very kind of common amalgamation of things we might see. , initially maybe a school teaching award and this probably wouldn't be getting a school teaching award either, but it's certainly closer to one. So what is missing here? Initially, there is certainly a lack of a significant contribution or an argument towards why these quizzes are significant or indeed sustained in terms of the change they've implemented. There's very little that's been actually measured either in a quantitative, a qualitative or an argument of a narrative or an argumentative sense. And there's not really anything about innovation, creativity, and they're the hard ones. As a STEM educator, they can often you often feel like maybe on the back foot compared to someone who is in the creative disciplines because they and actually I think it's harder for them. The real thing though is that there's no citation theme. I remember somebody asked a question about why is it citation? And for me, this image is the key. What you're arguing about in your four pages is the thing that you've done rather than yourself or just yourself. It's not about I'm great and here's a thing I did. It's it's here's a thing I did that's great and how I did that great thing and the impact of that great thing. The thing that needs to be in the spotlight is the citation theme. And we've seen two great examples of citation themes. So, what I'm going to quickly do is throw a bit better stuff in to get us further down this way. We've now got a citation thing. Developing an online quiz system which motivates and encourages students to learn. Still some problems, but at least we now know what it's about. I've put in some evidence teaching satisfaction scores. Imagine there's like whole tables of this, not just here. A quote from my student. They really like the class. And three years, three years, my the educators actually like the citation, not just they think I'm a good educator. The citation theme is recognized by the other educators. , and I've tried to link being a constructivist to the citation thing, what it means. And so this thing helps students construct their own knowledge. This is still very much further work needed as an application, but it's along the way. Let's rethink. Have we shown real change based on a specific initiative with an intent rather than just overall? I don't think yet we haven't aligned necessarily our evidence the citation theme and we'll talk a bit more about that in just a sec. I appreciate the meeting into your time a little bit. Lisa, sorry about that. Is it creative, imaginative, or innovative yet? Have I explained in my context why it is very similar to what Jess said if it's sometimes common for a reviewer to think, oh well, we've been doing this in the ex discipline for decades. But if you've explained why your discipline traditionally hasn't done it and hopefully evidence why that's the case and shown how this applies now it is creative innovative because it's your application. It could be your setting in your