about oh maybe I wasn't clear in this or maybe I didn't consider that approach maybe I should integrate that into my curriculum right see but also a really good place to start sourcing mentors who can potentially become your referees eventually but also the opportunity to meet other people who you might be very passionate about mentoring others as well and Angel you're all very happy to also talk to mentor you keep us in mind. But also very importantly like I said once again the sphere of influence and impact is actually very important. If you can demonstrate that I think you're ahead in the game. And think about if your approach can be applied to other areas whether it's your courses disciplines units or even postgraduate undergraduate levels too and you know maybe it can hopefully maybe be a magic bullet for some problems that you might be facing. Publishing is important because you can start to make your practice known internationally. Get your peer feedback as well which will then help to direct you into further research directions for your L&T research but also if you already have published your pedagogical approaches and evaluation for example you can use the publication matrix also metrics as a evidence of evidence of impact as well. Okay, I didn't have that yet but I would have had something brewing in the background but I didn't have that but you have that I think it's a plus point and also like publications might take a few years. It might take time as well to actually publish. It also takes a lot of time to build good relationships and mentors and an already spoken about that's also very important to get external mentors because likely chances people reviewing your application are also you know are also from different disciplines. It's always good to be able to get external people to assess the validity, the quality of your contribution to teaching and learning and to get that feedback as well. But also obviously very important as well reason and also insightful feedback. So I think you know with that I did use a stepwise approach. Not everyone does that but that's that's perfect. Very much has a long journey but I find that through applying for the school the university and the national award at each stage it's given me opportunities to refine my teaching philosophy and to also allow me to delve deeper into my pedagogical approaches and how I can actually scaffold you know the depth of that narrative as I go along so I think it's quite it was quite a good strategy you can if you're a bit hesitant start small that's perfectly fine it's still an achievement but also to take time to also gather you know sustained impact which is quite important both internally externally so through you know getting pretty much consulted unsolicited emails or conversation feedback or even you know formal ways of evaluating your interventions and that will also allow to show the sustained impact over time. Don't don't I don't think you need to rush into it because you know it might be a one hit wonder. You want to tell the kind of it's all one hit wonder. It does have strength. It has it depth. It has its values and how that the value actually has changed over time. Right. So with that really this step by approach has given me that confidence to actually build not just community but also to build the confidence in applying for grants which I think really nicely aligns with today's theme as well. So with that I leave you with it. Thank you very much. I guess now we are going to invite Jess to come and you can see this is evidence of how we work interdisciplinary. It's just what we nurse need is just the passion about education and how we can do our research about the teaching that we have. So thank you so much Jess. I leave it to you to share your story of success. >> Thank you so much. It's a pleasure to be here. I'm Jessica and I'm a health psychologist based in the department of psych sciences. And I mentioned partly my discipline to give you a bit of a sense of sort of where I sit. , as someone who has practiced as a psychologist in very interdisciplinary settings and now is an academic and really focus on teaching and research and training, those experiences influence how I think about my teaching and some of the choices I make and the interests that I have as an educator. And I imagine for some of you that might be the case as well. Probably bring your industry or other work into how you think about your teaching. And I think that's a really lovely thing to be able to pull into your story. So does anyone know the children's story the little engine that could? >> Yes. >> So I've decided to title this the little assessment that could. That story is sort of an American folklore story that's about ultimately hard work and courage. And so I had a bit of a curious path to an AA aut which I'll tell you about now. , also for those of you here, I think it's so nice that you're thinking about this aspect of your work because those of us who tend to think about teaching and whatnot and who love teaching tend to be quiet and curious people tend to love the engagement, tend to want to pull on threads and think in different ways. And I think there's just so much joy that comes from this. So wonderful that you're all here today. So my citation was specifically in the domain of effective assessment practices. It was a team award myself and my colleague Dr. James Williams and we were focused on this was our citation title for excellence in the design implementation and evaluation of an innovative assessment to cultivate digital literacy and visual communication skills among undergraduate health psychology students. So as you start thinking about your award and why you the and pulling it together and why you do what you do, it's really important to set context. Now one of the things that we love in psychology, especially undergraduate psychology, despite being a discipline that if you go out of practice is really human focused, we love an essay. We love a lab report. And there's important aspects of those types of assessments, but there's also limitations to those that are well documented in the pedagogical research. And so when I stepped in to take over this unit, health psychology, I wanted to think what else can we here to be a bit more creative to think beyond just writing an essay and to overcome some of the challenges that exist with those types of assessments. So in this unit which at the time was an online elective unit for a third-year unit that really introduced students to relationships between kind of the psychological, social and biological aspects of health and health behavior. I wanted to think about what else can we do to make this more outwardfacing. How can we think about where all of these students are going because some of them were not necessarily psychology students. So what can we do to make this feel more relevant to work, relevant to different disciplinary roles, etc. And so we identified the teaching challenge that across our undergraduate curriculum, there's quite a lack of kind of authentic assessment that would upsy and translate well out to other types of work contexts for undergraduates. And that there was also a gap in sort of digital literacy for these undergraduate psych students. And how could we potentially solve that? , and as I go along, I'm going to point out a couple of things that I actually included as visuals in my AAT and this is one of them. , as Angela pointed out, it's nice to not just have blocks of text. You want to use space in strategic ways to illustrate who you are, how you are, and what you're doing. And so this kind of showed what we were trying to do, which was ultimately to think about the specific skills and ways of engaging that we wanted students to build. The way we evolved the assessment was we went from having a research essay that won 40% of the mark to having a two-part assessment in which students analyzed some empirical papers and critiqued those articles which held on to some of that. Initial I guess standard practice, but then they were taking that information and flipping it into a health infographic to communicate information in a different way targeted toward a particular audience and something that's very relevant for things like public health interventions, other