Hi students, my name is Emily Zaborski and today I will be talking to you about how to pitch your startup idea. So let's start with the basics. What is a pitch? Well, it's a way to communicate to and convince others that your idea is worth backing. Usually, this is when startups are looking for investment, but it can also be used when trying to convince industry experts or partners to jump on board, or in your case, to show a panel of judges that your idea has potential as part of a competition. What it should be is short and concise, delivers a story, defines the problem, and is engaging, and it sparks interest so that people want to know more. What it should not be is an opportunity to share every concept or feature you can think of. It shouldn't be boring or contenheavy or confusing. This is also a way to show investors or partners who you are, why they should trust what you're telling them, and why should they want to work with you. Remember, most of the time you're pitching to someone, they are completely new and they have no idea what you're trying to achieve. It's easy to fall into a trap as a startup founder to assume that people understand your vision. And when you're thinking about your concept day in day out, you forget to go back to the very basics. Essentially, this should be your why. And in truth, every company started somewhere. Those big brands that we now know and love would have used similar techniques to the ones we will cover today. So let's see if we can identify these three companies based on their first ever pitch decks. So this company here says the problem is price is an important concern for customers booking travel online. Hotels leave you disconnected from the city and its culture and there's no easy way to book a home with a local or become a host. The solution was a web platform where users could rent out their space to host travelers. And they provided some information about the market size. 630,000 that are on temporary housing site couch surfing. Com and 17,000 temporary house listings on Craigslist between 20 July 2009 and July 2016. They've provided a bit more about the total market size across the world and right down to trips and a bit about the product with a bit of a demo of how it would work. Any ideas? Of course, this is Airbnb or air bed and breakfast as it was originally called. What about this one? Meet Matt. Matt spots a girl he likes at a party, but like most of us, Matt won't go over to say hello. He has the problem most of us do. Fear of rejection. Any ideas? Tinder, of course, originally called Matchbox. And finally, this one. Storage is a mess. It's 2007 and it's still a pain to work on multiple computers, share files across a team, put photos, videos onto the web, and protect files from loss. Currently, people have to use email, USB drives, browser uploads, and peacemail solutions. Ideally, your files would be available wherever you are on any device. You'd never worry about losing data, and you can always undo it. And sharing and putting media onto a web is just drag and drop. Of course, Dropbox keeps files in sync across computers, backed up, accessible from anywhere, and it's easy to share. It just works. So, who am I? Well, my name is Emily. As I mentioned, I currently work for an insurance company called I A in the technology side of the business. I'm currently in a team called insurance platforms that looks after the technology for all insurance related claims and policies that happen throughout the company and its brands. This is an exciting place to be. There's a lot of complex work happening with lots of incredibly intelligent people and a lot of money being spent on software solutions. I'm also a women in technology advocate. But outside of my day job, I own a mobile coffee van. I started this mobile coffee van in 2018 and quickly acknowledged lots of problems in this industry which sparked me to start up my own business which previously called Coffee Van Collective now called Venderly is a software platform to help event organizers find and manage mobile coffee vendors and soon we'll be launching that platform out to the public and to event organizers throughout this pitch. Presentation today. I will be sharing with you some slides from Coffee Van Collective from a couple of pictures that I've done over the last couple of years. They're by no means perfect, but hopefully they will give you a bit of an insight into what types of things you need to include in a pitch when you are presenting to investors or judges or partners or anyone really. So, what goes into a pitch? Well, this is a standardized, tried and tested format for structuring your pitch. And in a moment, I'll run through each of these topics with some examples from my pitches in the past. I can't claim that the version I did is 100% perfect, but it's a starting point. And there are some good examples online for you to look up also. So, you'll see here there are sort of 10 or 11 things that generally go into a pitch, but this will vary depending on the time that you have available. The most important ones are defining the problem and defining your target market to show that there is demand for your problem and your solution. So firstly the title slide. This can be something really simple. Just make it engaging and you don't need to put too much on this. Just something to let people know who you are. Next, the vision. Ideally, you have 10 seconds to engage your audience. A quick overview of the business for context setting and setting out the vision. I like to include an image on this slide. You'll see here I've actually included a real life example from one of the other coffee van owners in my network. So, Coffee Van Collective is a software solution to simplify the operations of the mobile vending community and to facilitate bookings with event organizers. Next, I've just done a bit of an example about me to set some context as to why I've decided to go into this startup opportunity. This really sets the tone with the audience because they can relate to why I'm really doing what I'm doing. So for me, I acknowledge that I started my coffee van business in 2018. I grew my coffee van community network with over 5,000 other vendors in Melbourne and Perth and I run monthly info webinars to help people in this industry and to educate on how to properly run a mobile coffee van. I also started a podcast last year which provides that domain expertise and allows investors to really get to grips with my understanding of the industry. I talk a little bit here about why I got into mobile coffee vending and the problems that I saw emerge throughout my time. But the next slide is where we really go into the problem. So here the increasing costs and complexities of running a mobile trading business are causing stress and frustration and financial troubles to emerging and existing vendors. This slide should really demonstrate why do you care. Do not include your solution here. Be succinct and avoid buzzwords like game changer. Have some factual information and try to relay the problem in a relatable way. Some of the judges may not have experience with your problem, so try to make them see it through someone else's eyes. Here I demonstrate that mobile coffee vendors find it really hard to find trading sites and or manage bookings. The current options are slow, ineffective, and clunky. They're primarily done through Facebook groups, Google searching, lots of liazing, calling, emailing, and it causes a lot of stress and wasted time for vendors and event organizers and essentially loss of profit at the end of the day. I also think you can include a slide if you have time around who we are doing this for. I like to demonstrate very clearly who are the users of our solution. This actually gives our audience a better understanding of who we are doing this for and it's great to demonstrate almost a c customer persona type. So on my slide I've got our independent mobile vendors. These people struggle with managing inquiries, liazing with organizers, and having a central calendar to manage their all their work. In my scenario, I've got event organizers split into two categories. The single event organizers who often are volunteers, , you know, footy club members or parents of a PNC,