# VIDEO: Workshop 3: How to do a winning pitch (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

for. I like to demonstrate very clearly who are the users of our solution. This actually gives our audience a better understanding of who we are doing this for and it's great to demonstrate almost a c customer persona type. So on my slide I've got our independent mobile vendors. These people struggle with managing inquiries, liazing with organizers, and having a central calendar to manage their all their work. In my scenario, I've got event organizers split into two categories. The single event organizers who often are volunteers, , you know, footy club members or parents of a PNC, and they don't know where to look to find vendors. They need to be guided through the process, and they want it to be simple and efficient. On the other end of the scale, we've got large event organizers. Normally, these people are pretty organized. They want to be able to streamline their expression of interest process and build vendor management plans for upcoming events. And finally, councils. Councils struggle with the huge load of incoming inquiries from both vendors and event organizers. They want to be able to easily access documentation like public liability and make sure that compliance is being followed for events within their council. When I'm going through this slide, I normally give these people names. This helps to make it more relatable for the audience, too. So, I might say, "John from the footie club needs some help finding a local coffee vendor for the upcoming footy season. " That really makes it pop with the audience. So the next section is around our target market. Avoid defining your target market as large as possible. Your target market is not always your end user. If that's the case, make that clear. Your target market is the one who pays for what you're offering. Here you're identifying the market opportunity to succeed. You want to include the demographics of your target market. And this is where you're telling the story about the scope and the scale of the problem you are solving. Now, it's very likely that you will have to put some assumptions into your market size. So, for example, I have estimated that there are around 625,000 mobile coffee van bookings being made every year. This has been done based on the assumption that there are 25,000 mobile vendors in just one of the Facebook groups that I'm a part of. And I have then extrapolated that out across the rest of Australia and assumed that they are all trading on Saturday and Sunday and they are getting on average one booking per week. So, I make those assumptions clear, but I also don't want to overload the audience with a huge load of numbers and confuse them. So, I just put this simple stat on the page. And I do tell them that there's the opportunity to dive into these marketsiz numbers after the pitch if they want to connect with me. Now, we talk about the solution. Describe your product or service and how customers use your product or service. Why are you the one to solve the problem? Make sure you are clear on how it addresses the problem that you have outlined. You can include your unique selling point and you need to show that your business has differentiation. Photos, screenshots, prototypes are really great things to use here to demonstrate the solution that you have built. You'll see here on the slide I have got an image on the right which is a snapshot from my current platform just to demonstrate what I'm trying to do. Another way you can do this if you haven't yet built the solution is to use software like Figma or Canva or even PowerPoint to just mock up what you are trying to achieve. Doesn't need to be too detailed just something basic to demonstrate. So here I say that our coffee van collective solution is a holistic support network. It's a search engine and a booking platform and there's a member profile to manage bookings and access benefits. This provides more transparency and security for both vendors and hirers. As well as that we're accessing the power of the collective. We're providing supply discounts to our members. We can run sustainability initiatives which are hard and expensive for solo operators and we can capture data that's not captured anywhere else on this in this industry. Another slide that we like to include is competition. It's important to make sure that you've looked at what competition is around you and demonstrated how you are going to be different or better than the competition. So, what is your unique selling point? Have a think and do some research on the other products out there that are similar. Remember, it doesn't always matter that there are similar products out there. This could actually help your case if it proves that the concept is working successfully elsewhere. For example, Car Next Store, which was acquired last year by Uber, first got the idea when they saw it being implemented effectively in Europe and they realized that they could be a first mover in the Australian market, but following a similar business model. So on the screen here, you'll see that I have just put some of our major competitors and ourselves into a matrix against the cost and the functionality of the solution. You'll see that some of the current solutions whilst they are cheap or free like Facebook groups, they have low functionality or they're clunky or ineffective or inefficient. Whereas some other options like for example creating your own web site and search engine optimization in the top right there that has high functionality for a mobile vendor but it's incredibly costly to do that on your own. So as a centralized platform coffee van collective provides a unique value proposition in that we can create a real-time calendar view. We can provide advanced data analytics to our members to event organizers and vendors and also supplier discounts and consultancy services. Next, we go into the business model. The business model should demonstrate how you are driving revenue. Is it a membership or is it pay per use or is it commission? What do you charge? Are you a premium high price offering or a budget offering that undercuts existing solutions in the market? Again, this is very heavily based on your assumptions and lo and logic. So, make sure that you're just creating something that's simple but can clearly demonstrate how much you anticipate spending to reach your solution and when you anticipate getting revenue from the services that you are providing. Our model here, which has changed significantly since we've evolved into our new product, Venderly, assumes that the revenue based on $29 per month and two bookings per van per month. This suggests that we will have a low or no code solution in year one. We'll invest in a custom dev solution in year two, which was about $50,000, which would see us turn a profit in year three. And then by adding additional re revenue streams like consultancy services, we would actually increase our profit to 1. 2 million over 5 years. At the bottom of the slide, you'll just see some highle steps that we anticipate taking over the next five years. So getting our branding and any trademarks down, building our low code solution, designing that product roadmap so we know where we're heading, seeking investment for custom dev solution, and finally getting it out to market and iterating as we go. The next slide is all about traction. It's important to demonstrate how you are reaching traction on your proposed solution. So this could be in the form of sales units, revenue if you've already started taking revenue, media coverage, expressions of interest if you've run any campaigns on Facebook or otherwise, promises of distribution or stocks, the number of paying customers, , basically any major goals that you've achieved so far, and what your next major steps you plan on taking. As you can see here, I have demonstrated traction by showing that we interviewed a number of interviewees and that 96% of them said that they would use our proposed solution. Of the webinars that I run every month, 90% of those attendees have already pre-registered for the product through a little survey that I've got. And I've also demonstrated that there's over 500 Google searches every month for mobile coffee booking related searches. So this Google search function is really cool and really easy to do. You can go into the analytics and insights component of Google and just search in there to see how many Google searches are happening on your specific topic or solution that you are building. Finally, I've demonstrated that there are numerous posts on Facebook groups looking for a mobile coffee vendor which demonstrates the demand that I