# VIDEO: Workshop 3: How to do a winning pitch (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

already pre-registered for the product through a little survey that I've got. And I've also demonstrated that there's over 500 Google searches every month for mobile coffee booking related searches. So this Google search function is really cool and really easy to do. You can go into the analytics and insights component of Google and just search in there to see how many Google searches are happening on your specific topic or solution that you are building. Finally, I've demonstrated that there are numerous posts on Facebook groups looking for a mobile coffee vendor which demonstrates the demand that I have for this solution. What would be even better on this slide be able would be me being able to show the number of users that we have signed up already. So, since doing this initial pitch, we now have 20 users signed up on the platform and we're building a new custom dev solution. For Venderly, our new product, and we will be migrating those 20 users over to the platform once we are ready. So, we're almost at the end of the presentation, but it's important to make sure you include a slide about yourself and the team that is building this solution. So, why would they want to work with you? What gives you the ability to make this a success? In my case, it's a deep understanding of the problem or target market, but in other people's case, they might have a degree in computer science or app development. Just play to your strengths. You can also call out where there are gaps that you are looking to fill and how you plan to fill those. So currently this slide was done about a year ago and I was looking for product designers, developers or coffee vans or small business lovers who wanted to join me in making this a success. I now have some advisers and mentors working with me and I'm looking to bring in a tech lead in the next few months. And finally, we like to round out the session with an ask. So, this is a call to action. This is your opportunity to ask your audience to help you on this journey. If you're looking for investment, make sure you call out how much and why. You can call out mentoring or advisory, any connections you need, or any team members that you're looking to hire. This is just a good way to remind the audience of what you need from them. In your case, it might be pick me as the winner of this competition. And finally, just a thank you slide. I like to put my contact details on this slide so they can follow up. A QR code to your LinkedIn is an absolute game changer. So, a few tips and tricks just to finish. Don't read off the slides or a script. Use the imagery to tell the story. Be prepared for questions. , if it's a video pitch, you can record your PowerPoint presentation like I have done here. , face the audience or the camera. Use different variations in your tone and emphasize important words and try to speak clearly. Try as hard as possible to enjoy it because that will reflect into the judg's decisions as well. As I've got here on the screen, formatting really does matter. Make sure that your slides are well formatted, the format, the font is correct, and that you've got similar styles across each of the pages. Less is more. Remember, people don't want to be reading off a slide, especially if it is a short presentation. Focus on the problem and who you're solving it for. , I did say not to read off a script, but I do think it's important to have a script written so you know kind of what you're about to about to say. , time your script so that you know it fits within the time slot and practice, practice, practice. , it's always much more comforting to know that you've practiced and you feel prepared to give your pitch. And eye contact is really important when giving any sort of presentation or engaging with an audience. Normally this would be the part where you ask questions but as this is a recorded session I have just put my link in here for you to follow up. I'm more than happy for you to connect with me if you have any questions following the presentation. But for today that is all. Good luck with the competition and I hope to see you next time.