# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

I just want to have a visual. , >> yep, absolutely. So, I'll just go back to here. So, we've got one video. We're going to play that and then the next video is going to appear and they're both going to be playing at the same time. >> , and so we can always move this around if we want them to be both at the very start. >> We can always crop this one in or make it , you know, make this one shorter to match. >> , the wrong one there. U, but, you know, we can always bring that in and just have them playing at the same time together. So this is very useful for someone who wants to show the screen for example to show the design the website or mobile application at the same time you're presenting. So thank you Julia. >> Yes no worries. So yes just to reiterate the way we did this was by going to the you will this will be your default. We're going to go to control tracks which is this button down the bottom. , and then we can grab a video and bring it up to the track on top. , so that's how we set up having those two videos at the same time. , okay. So, I guess now let's start having a look at bringing in some audio. , so one of the really nice things about Rush is that it's got a lot of music and sound effects already in the program. So, you don't need to spend hours finding the right song that matches the mood and then finding out, oh, okay, I have to pay $20 for this one. , it's got free sounds that are already licensed for you. So, we can go to the audio tab. So, we're going to the plus button and then audio. , and we'll see we have some sound effects, we have looping sounds, and we also up the top have soundtracks. So, this is music. So, I'm just going to go more in this option. , and you can search for anything you like. Maybe we want something cheerful. Okay, it doesn't like cheerful. That's all right. We can search maybe let's try let's try happy instead. Something a bit more generic. There we go. We've got a lot of different options for happy. So, you can choose any one you like. , you can preview the audio by clicking on the play button. , unfortunately I can't demonstrate the audio because of the way that my computer is set up. , but take my word for it. If you press this play button on the audio tab, you're going to get a preview so you can listen to the music before you actually import it. Once you've chosen one you like, let's say we like this one. , we're going to do the same thing as we did with the title. Press the add button and it's going to bring it into an audio track. , you'll see that it's brought it in where my play head is. So, it's not actually at the start of the video because I didn't have my playhead at the start of the video. It's totally fine. We can grab it and move it to the beginning if that's what we want. Maybe you want your sound to start halfway through. , and that's totally fine. You can definitely bring that, you know, to wherever you want it to begin. , but we can also just start it at the start, I think, is where I'll leave mine for now. So, I'm just going to close this panel. , and we'll jump into the audio panel. , we have some options here. Our basic one is just to change the volume. We can make it louder or more quiet. , and we can also mute it. So, that can be handy , for while you're editing. If you've got a voice over that you're editing and you want to have the music as well. , but you know, you want to turn off the music just for a little bit. You don't have to delete it. , you can just turn on the mute button , and then do your editing and then turn it back on when you're ready. , so under the advanced, , I'll show you what this means in a little moment. , the first thing I'm going to do is record some voice over. So you can definitely record your voice over in a different program. , you can use like your phone to do a voice note and then export that. You can record in , Audition or , any other program that you're familiar with that is good for recording. , but you can also record directly in Rush. So, we're going to go to this plus button up here and choose the voice over option. This audio track down here has now turned into where we're going to do our recording. So, you'll see that this microphone tab here is this. Sorry, this microphone button here has now turned into a record button. So, if we press play on this, I'm not sure it's going to work. Oh, it will. Okay. So, I can have my microphone here. Say hello. Bees are an important part of an ecosystem and they're very good for making pollination happen. And you'll see that as I've recorded that, , this recording has appeared there below. So, , I'm very thankful that I can't play that for you because that was a pretty rubbishy voice over, but we can, of course, edit it just like we did with the videos. , so we can say, okay, this part I don't want. I'm going to cut it there. , and delete this part. Just like we did the videos, we're going to use the snip and the delete tools. , we can also move it around. We can, , move it onto a different track if we need to. , and so that's going to be how you can record all your, , all your voiceovers if you choose to do it directly into Rush. So, let's jump back into the audio tab and we're going to have a look at some of the advanced options. What we have here is that it's automatically detected that this track here is music which is good as what we want it to be. We can choose this option which is called autod dark. What that means is anytime there is a voice over like here it's going to automatically reduce the volume of the music so that you can hear the voice over better. So, that can be really good. , if you've got, you know, breaks in your voiceovers and you want to have the music a little bit louder instead of manually doing that, we can just turn on autoduck and it's going to say, "Okay, I can see that we've got some voice over happening at the same time. So, I'm going to lower this music for you. " , and I encourage you to have a play with that. , I'm so sorry that I can't demonstrate it for you. , it's just due to the way my computer is set up. I can't play the audio for you. But yes, that would be how you can use those different options there. Okay. Let's have a look very briefly at I'm very just conscious of the time. I'll have a very quick look at the color tab. So this is the last one we'll go through just briefly and then we'll go through exporting our videos. So we can select a video. Let's choose yeah let's choose this one here. We'll open up our color tab. , and we have all of these different presets that we can use to change the colors of that video. , so we can choose any of these that we like. We can try different ones, see which one looks good. , and we can always go to none if we want to get back to what we'd already had. , again, like the transitions, use these sparingly. , something like this can, you know, look a little bit retro, I guess, is a good way to describe it. Having all different colors and all different kind of, , you know, different things like this, , can look a bit messy and overwhelming. So, I recommend keeping it simple , and try and be consistent. , and mainly just use these to kind of color correct if something's a little bit too bright or a little bit too dull. , those can be a good way of doing it. , at the bottom here, you can make your own presets. , but there's