# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

website. , Emily, if you could find a link to that one and pop that in the chat, that would be amazing. , and then you can download the app from there and install it. , and so then once you open that up, this is what you will see. So, we're going to start making our video. The very first thing that we want to do is come over to the left hand side of the screen and we're going to click on the blue create a new project button. And when we click on that, we are going to have our asset selection screen. And we're going to have a button down here where we can name our project. So that's going to be the very first thing that I do so that we don't get confused about what it is that we're making once we're a little bit further into it. So we're going to call this design for change demo. And excuse my very loud keyboard. I'm sure that might be a little bit annoying, but please bear with me with that one. So, as you can see, we haven't got any files in here at the moment. , we want to start importing our videos and our photos. So, these are the things that you're going to record. Maybe you record yourself talking about your project or maybe you have a demonstration. , once you have all your recordings that you're going to use to build your video, , we're going to start importing those here. , so I've got some assets that we have , preset. So, we're going to just use these ones today. There's a link to that in the chat if you'd like to follow along. And my video today is going to be about these. So yours will not be about these. Yours will be about your amazing wonderful design for change pro projects. But for today, these are the assets that we're going to use. So we can navigate to our folder. You can have a look anywhere on your computer or on your tablet to find the assets that you want to import. And once you've found the folder that you want, we can start on clicking our assets to select them. You can see that as I'm clicking numbers are appearing. So this just means that this is the order that they're going to be imported in. So it's not too big a deal because we can absolutely change this later. But if you know, okay, I want to have I want this one to be first for sure. We can click on that one first and then go and click on the other ones and then we'll know that this one's going to be imported first. But again, that's not too big of a concern because we can always change it later. , I'm going to just direct your attention down here to this little button that says sync with Creative Cloud. , this is really handy because it means that you can work between all of your different devices. So, if you're working recording your voice over on your phone and then you want to come and bring it onto your computer to do your actual editing, , this button down here is going to allow you to do that. So, as long as you're signed into the same account on both devices, the same Adobe account, then you'll be able to work on your project on both. So, once we have all of our assets selected, we can go down to this blue button in the right hand corner and we're going to select create. And it's going to take a little while to load because the internet is always a little bit slow. But once that is there, we will we'll be able to start our editing. And there we go. So, Rush has already done half of the work for us. We've imported all of our all of our videos and our images. And we've got this thing down here which is called a timeline. So, this is what we can use to see what our video is in we're seeing the whole video all at once. So, we can grab this little blue line here, which is called the play head. And by moving this, we're just going to click and drag. , we can actually scroll to different parts of the video and see up in the preview over here. , we can see what we're looking at in more detail. , so we have all of our different clips, and you can see that as I'm clicking on different parts of it, , this orange, , this orange highlight is coming up around it. , and that's showing that clip is selected. , so if ever I'm talking about selecting a clip, , that just means clicking on it and you'll see this orange bar to show that it's selected. , we're going to do a quick little run through just of the layout of Rush. , so that you're not, , confused as to what I'm talking about when I'm pointing out different things. , it might look a little bit stressful if you've never used a program like this before. You might be thinking, "Oh my gosh, what are all these buttons? " Don't worry, I'm going to explain it all. And I promise you it is not as complicated as it looks. We're going to go through all of the different options so that you can feel nice and comfortable making your own videos. So up here, this blue button is the add media button. So if we have gone and imported our clips, but then we think, oh, you know what, I've got actually another video that I really want to put in this. We can go to this button up here and go to add media. And then that will take us back to our search function and we can add in some more clips. So if you've forgotten something or you want to add something new this button is how you can do that. This is also how we can import audio and do some voice over and graphics. I'm going to cover that a little bit later. And I'll show you that again, but just so you know, that's where we can find all of those things. Just going to close that bar. Down here we have some basic editing tools. , the first one we have is the scissors button. , and so this is going to be used to cut clips in half. So if I've got this video of some bees here, , maybe I want half of it to be played at one spot and then a different clip and then the other half of this video. So we can use the scissors button, just clicking on that. , and then we can drag this around. And you might have noticed, I'm just going to undo that with control zed, that when I clicked on this button, , it split the clip where my play head is. So, we can use this play head to say, okay, I want to cut the video here. We can use scissors, and then we can rearrange those clips. , and I'm just rearranging by selecting it and then dragging it to a new spot. , so we also have the duplicate button underneath that. It's pretty self-explanatory. It's just going to duplicate a clip so that you'll have two of the same. , and then underneath we have the delete button. I'm sure you've all used the delete button before. It's going to delete things. So, it's just the one that looks like a little bin. Pretty self-explanatory there. If you've got something that you don't want, you can always delete it. And you can always use the delete button on your keyboard as well. This one here is the expand audio tab, which I'll cover a little bit later on. And this one here is the control tracks. So, I'm just going to open that up and show you. Currently, we have one timeline. We've got all of our videos and images on one timeline. , but we can have multiple of those. , and that's going to be in layers, and I'll show you why that can be useful a little bit later on. , but that is the control tracks and control audio buttons. Welcome to the person who's just arrived. , we're just having a look at the Adobe Rush interface and running through all of the different buttons and options. So, these buttons here are the play and pause buttons. I'm sure that you would have used something like this before. If you've ever watched a YouTube video, you would have seen a play and a