# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

Cool. So, welcome to Design for Change. , we're going to intro do an introduction to Rush today. , my name is Emily. I'm going to be your moderator today. , then we have Bidder who's the design for change competition moderator I guess in charge. , then we have Julia who's going to be our digital coach today. , running us through Rush. And then later on we're going to have Michael who is the general manager of Czech. So I just want to do acknowledgement of country. I want to acknowledge the people of the cooler nation who are the traditional owners on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located on Melbourne's east out east and pay our respects to the elders past, present and emerging. I also want to acknowledge the traditional owners of lands across Australia and their elders past present emerging and their ancestors and the culture and heritage. So I'm just going to go through luckily Swimburn is an Adobe creative campus which means that we have access to Adobe's Adobe software. This means that we have the chance to run workshops, tutorials. We have six digital coaches at the moment who are here to help you with your Adobe needs. Then we also have a digital hub in level three of the library and then again access to creative cloud programs. So just today we're going to do a introduction to Rush which will include importing videos and images. Then we're going to start editing and adding titles and trans transitions and then add a voice over. And then we're going to go through how to share your work. Just before we start, we just want to make sure that you're signed into the Adobe Creative Cloud and have Adobe Rush installed and have the assets downloaded. Also, please turn off your microphones and videos just cuz it can get pretty hectic if it's if everyone's ones are on and then free feel free to use the chat button in your toolbar to ask any questions throughout the session and yeah just have fun mostly is the is the main objective. So thank you. >> Thank you so much Emily for introducing the program. So before I pass to Julia our fantastic Adobe coach to teach us about the Adobe rush how we can create the inspiring video. I would like to share my slide where I can talk about the design for change and Julia can you confirm if this is all good? Okay. So design for change competition is a stem prototyping competition. This is the second workshop that you are attending for the Adobe rush. We try to provide you with all the required training. So previously we teach you about the Adobe XD and this is the Adobe rush. So following to this one hour with the Adobe rush, we are going to have our guest speaker who is an entpreneur to cover the startup pitch presentation. So I guess all we need for this competition is a 4 minute video of your STEM design like a STEM design solution to a challenge. So I know that for some of you this might be an assessment. So basically you have done most of the fantastic job to design. So if you just create a 4m minute video pitch your design solution that would be the entry to this design for change competition. So in the design we are running a program which is called shaping futures. So we are hoping to develop Swimburn students communication and technical skills utilizing a multidisciplinary collaborative approach where you can play and risk and act as an entrepreneur. So this is going this project is going to help you to build the digital literacy and it's going to empower you with the skills that it's required for your future career. So that way you can inspire the community and contribute to the industry. All we need is a 4minut video of your STEM prototype. And we have this is the crossunit team. So myself it's be my name is beta from the department of chemistry biotechnology and we have my co I have my colleague Kelen and Elliot from the computing science and simburn design factory and we have collaborators industry partner Adobe team emerging leaders program and of course our colleague in Sowek. So these are some suggested themes for you to think of what challenge you might concern and you might think of the climate change something related to the belonging any digital prototype including mobile application or website. It could be an entry for this stem prototyping. And of course we have a judges who are going to we are going to have a live showcase and we are going to select the finalist with a 4minut video. The me the fourminut video is going to be showcased. Our judges are going to evaluate your 4minut video your concept your design your you know delivery and of course that is going to be in the format of the startup pitch presentation. That's why you have all the workshop including Adobe XD, Adobe Rush, startup pitch presentation to assist you with this required skills and all you need again. It's a 4minute video by 23rd of May to my email address baffronluin. Edu. Au. So the judges price is going to be 400 bucks. So you're going to receive a certificate of participation. You're going to get a credit from the emerging leaders program and your success your story of success is going to be published. So as I said the workshop one is available in Sween employee and this is the second workshop Adobe rush and the third workshop is going to be just the pitch presentation and we are going to have a live showcase on 26th of May. So please join us and help us to help you improve your skills and that is my presentation. So I'm going to stop and I'm going to pass to Julia for the actual workshop. Thank you Julia. >> Amazing. Thank you so much for that VA. So yeah, my name's Julia. I'm going to be running you through everything that you need to know about how to use Adobe Premiier Rush to make your pitch videos. Before we jump in, I just want to say if you've never ever edited a video before, if you've never used an Adobe program before, don't worry. This is a place to just have a good time. We're going to learn together and we're going to explore everything that you need to know to get started. So, don't feel nervous. We're just going to have a nice play today. So, I will share my screen. And if I'm looking off to the side or looking down here, it's because I've got a million screens in front of me and they don't all line up with where my camera is. So, I'm not ignoring all you lovely people. , I'm just looking at all of my many screens. So, let's jump in. , can you see that all? Okay, perfect. Good to know. Okay, so this is the very first thing that you're going to see when you open up Rush. , we're going to have some recent projects here. If you've never used this program before, there's not going to be anything here because you don't have any recent projects. , but I have some previous things that I've worked on. , and so this is a quick way that I can go back to any of these programs that I've used before. , just to, , let you all know, there are two versions of Premier Rush. There is the desktop version, , which is what I'm going to be using today, , but there's also a mobile version, so you can use that on any mobile device, including like a tablet device. , so maybe if you want to go out and record things on your if your phone has a better camera than your computer's webcam, maybe you can definitely use both of these tools to make your videos. So we're going to be using how can we access this page? So to access this, you'll need to download and install Adobe Rush. So you can go to the Adobe Creative Cloud website. , Emily, if you could find a link to that one and pop that in the chat, that would be amazing. , and then you can download the app from there and install it. , and so then once you open that up, this is what you will see. So, we're going to start making our video. The very first thing that we want to do is come over to the left hand side of the screen and we're going to click on the blue create a new project button. And when we click on that, we are going