# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

you know, look a little bit retro, I guess, is a good way to describe it. Having all different colors and all different kind of, , you know, different things like this, , can look a bit messy and overwhelming. So, I recommend keeping it simple , and try and be consistent. , and mainly just use these to kind of color correct if something's a little bit too bright or a little bit too dull. , those can be a good way of doing it. , at the bottom here, you can make your own presets. , but there's all different options there. We can use the edit button to also just change things manually. , this is a little bit more advanced, so I'm not going to cover it in this tutorial just for the sake of time. , but if you have any questions about this, , please do get in touch. , I'll put some links in the chat once I'm done. , and you can ask us any questions if you'd like to learn more about these. Julia >> just because first of all thank you so much. I still we are going to continue with you. I just want to say hello to Mike who is here and I guess Mike is here to cover the second session which is about startup pitch presentation. So welcome m Mike. We are going to finish this and of course Julia I just want to make sure that we cover that bit for the saving the video and please let the students know that we have a drop in session for any additional and you know features that they want to explore and ask you. >> Yes absolutely. Thanks for your patience Mike I'll just be a couple moments. >> No rush. >> Lovely. Thank you. Okay so we are happy with our video. We've spent all of our time editing it and making it look just how we want. , now we want to actually share it with the world. , one thing that I hadn't mentioned yet was that, , Spark is, sorry, not Spark, Rush is going to autosave for you. , so you don't need to worry about clicking a save button and, , doing all that kind of thing manually. It's going to autosave for you. The one thing we'll need to do is export it once we're ready. So, we've been in the edit tab so far. We're going to go up to the share tab. , and here we can choose our export settings. So, we can give it a name. , design for change. Let's just say that's fine. , you can choose where you want to save it to by clicking up on that button there. , and then under the advanced settings, , generally we would want to change the resolution to 1080p. , unless you want to be dealing with sort of bigger file sizes, , 1080p is usually more than enough. , we can leave the frame rate as it is. , I would say leave the audio channel as stereo. , and you can choose a low, high, or medium quality video. , that's just going to change the sort of file size. So, a low quality is going to be a smaller file, easier to upload. , a high quality is going to look better, but it's going to be a bigger file. , you can also export things directly to Facebook or Instagram, , YouTube or enhance. I have never used those buttons and I probably never will. I recommend that you don't as well. , just use the local, save it to your device and then you can upload it wherever you like. It's going to be much easier. , but if you so desire, those buttons are there and you can export directly to those if you want. Once you're happy with all of your settings, , we can watch our preview through one more time. , and then we can just click on the export button. , it's going to take a little while because I've got quite a few clips in there. , but that is how you can do that. , yeah, if you've got any questions, , we have drop-in sessions available. So, one-on-one drop-in sessions either face to face or over Zoom. , I'll put a link in the chat to where you can book those. , and we've also got an info sheet , that's in the workshop assets folder so you can , that's got all of our information on it. Our email address, our dropin links where you can find us. So if you've got any questions, please don't hesitate to get in touch about Rush or about any other program that you'd like to learn. Thank you so much for watching. I hope that you feel a little bit more confident now to start making videos using Adobe Rush. And I'll hand over to you Mike. Thank you so much. >> I guess before we hand it to Mark just with permission. So thank you so much Julia. It was very you know every time I'm coming to your workshop I learn a new thing. So again we are here to learn about you know how we create a short video which is more engaging more inspiring. So this is the design for change and now we are going to so as Julia mentioned we are going to communicate with you. We are going to share the recording video of the workshop with you for the first session, the second session and also if there are some additional resources that Julia would like to share with you, I'm going to share with you through the email. Please if you register through Sunman soon employee that is the way that we are going to communicate otherwise you directly ask me and I'm going to provide the information. So yeah so that is all I wanted to say for this first session.