# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

auto refframe. , so that one is, , good for keeping the most important part of a, , a clip in focus. , so yeah, I haven't really use this one too much and I think for most videos it's not super useful, but please feel free to have a play with that one if it's something that you're interested in , looking more into. , it's kind of like motion tracking, but it's just going to keep the most important part of the video , in the center of the screen as much as it can. , so is there any questions on the kind of basic editing tools that we've covered so far? Okay, all pretty quiet. So, let's move on. So, I mentioned before about the having multiple tracks. So, we're just going to go back to the control tracks button, which is this one down right at the bottom in the left corner. I'm just going to open this one up. And you'll see that we've already actually got a second track already. We have the title that we put on before has automatically been put onto a track above. What that's doing is making a different layer above our video. So, whatever is on top is going to be shown. So, I'll give you an example. If I've got this video here and this video here, currently they're next to each other. So, they're going to play one after another. If I grab this one and drag it up onto the track above, this one's now on top. So, we're not seeing the bees video underneath it. , and so we can say, okay, we've got the bees, and because it's not the full clip here, we're seeing this bees. We've got a blank space in our top layer, so we're seeing this one here. But once we get on to the video on the top layer, it's going to cover up the video below it. , that in itself isn't super useful, but what it does mean is that we can make this video smaller, so we can move it around. I'm just going to go over to the transform tab, which is the one at the very bottom of the right hand corner. , and I'm going to make it smaller. So, I'm going to keep maintain proportions on because otherwise we'll get a distorted video. I'm just going to make this a bit smaller. And we can maybe move it. I'm just going to click and drag it and move it into this corner here. So, this can be really helpful if you've got a video of yourself talking about your project and then, you know, maybe a video of your project in motion. It's a good way to have like an explanation of it. If you wanted two videos playing at once or if you wanted a still image and then a video playing at once. That's how you can do it by using multiple different tracks. And we can do as many different ones as we want. We can put this video up top as well. It's going to cover up everything. So, we'll make it smaller and put it over in the corner here. So, maybe we don't want just two videos. Maybe we want, you know, four different videos, one in each corner. We can do that by having four different tracks. And you can change the size, change the scale of all of those in the transform tab. , while we're in this tab, I'll just give you a quick overview of the different options we have in here. So, what I'll do is just undo a couple of those things that I've just done so that it's not too confusing. There we go. , and I was just using control Z or command Z if you're on a Mac to undo. , so if I've got this video, this clip here, we can use the basic tools to change the position, rotation, and opacity. So horizontal position is going to move it left and right. Vertical is going to move it up and down and rotation is going to rotate it as you would imagine. The opacity is going to make it more or less transparent. So everything by default is going to be at full opacity. We're going to see the whole video. But if you wanted to have like an overlay effect, you can lower the opacity. We can also flip our videos horizontally and vertically. So, we can flip them like that. , that I find can be helpful if you're not used to looking at yourself. If you've recorded yourself, , if you're not used to looking at the, , reversal of your face, , you can always, , flip it and you might look a little bit more like yourself when you're watching that. , so that's a helpful button there. , you can do the same thing vertically. , I've never used that button, but it's there if you need it. , I've shown you already the scale button. So, we can use this slider to make things bigger and smaller. If we turn off maintain proportions, we're going to start squishing things and stretching things and making things look a little bit weird. , so that might be useful. , maybe you've got a video that's a little bit distorted and so you wanted to try and fix that. , but in general, you're going to want to keep maintain proportions on. , we can also crop our video. So, we can bring the top down. We can bring bottom up. And the same thing with the left and right. So, maybe we've just got like a little portion of the video that we want to show, we can just show that part. So, if we want to just focus on this one beekeeper, we can bring the left in, bring the right in, and now we've just got this one on the screen. , and so that's the crop tools there. And it might be closed up. It might be hidden. , but that's in the advanced section. We can also add some edge feathering. So that's going to give you sort of like opacity but just on the edges. And so that might be something that you want to include as well. Yeah, so that's the transform tab. A lot of these are pretty self-explanatory and you can always try things out, see what works. , and , if you're not sure what a button does, just have a play, slide things around, , and you'll be able to see what it's doing if you forget at any point. , yeah, we can also use these buttons up here, which are fill and fit. , so they're going to fill the screen or fit the screen. , and so that can be , helpful if you've got , you know, different size videos maybe that aren't at the correct aspect ratio. I would recommend trying to film everything in the aspect ratio you're going to use. So you can see my video right now is a vertical video. So it's 9 by6. I wouldn't want to record like this. I would want to turn my camera around record like how betas is which is 16 by9. And then you can import that in and it's going to all match up properly. , but if you don't, if you forget, , you can try and use the fill and fit buttons to try and make it work. , but you might be more zoomed in or more zoomed out than you've expected to be. So, just keep that in mind. , try and record in the same aspect ratio as you're going to be editing in. >> , okay. So, >> sorry to disturb you now because you're here. I'm interested to know because this is the design for change is for students to introduce their team who work in the prototype including the mobile application or website. So I'm thinking at some point of the video it's important for them to communicate and at the same time presenting their design. So can you please press play to see how these two video work at the same time? I just want to have a visual. , >> yep, absolutely. So, I'll just go back to here. So, we've got one video. We're going to play that and then the next video is going to appear and they're both going to be playing at the same time. >> , and so we can always move this around if we want them to be both at the very start. >> We can always crop this one in or make it , you know, make this one shorter to match. >> , the wrong one there. U, but, you know, we