# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

multiple of those. , and that's going to be in layers, and I'll show you why that can be useful a little bit later on. , but that is the control tracks and control audio buttons. Welcome to the person who's just arrived. , we're just having a look at the Adobe Rush interface and running through all of the different buttons and options. So, these buttons here are the play and pause buttons. I'm sure that you would have used something like this before. If you've ever watched a YouTube video, you would have seen a play and a pause button. , pretty self-explanatory. That's how we're going to , watch through our video in the preview up here. We can always step forward one frame or step back one frame. , that's for very detailed editing. It can be quite useful. , and we can go to the next edit point, which just means the start of the next clip. And we can always go back as well. , down here, you'll see this gray bar with these two circles at the end. , this is going to be used for zooming in and out. So, if I grab this end here and drag it in, we are zooming in on the timeline. So, we're going to see more frames in the preview. , it can be a little bit tricky to watch someone do it and sort of understand what's happening just by looking. , so this is one that I would really recommend jumping in and having a play and following along. , and I think it'll make a lot more sense when you're actually doing it yourself, , and zooming in on your own clips. , you'll be able to see more and you'll be able to see less if you drag outwards. , the other buttons that we have up here are the full screen buttons, which is going to make it full screen, which can be nice if you want to do like a more detailed , preview of your video. , we have this one, which is the loop playback, which is just going to repeat the video over and over. , and then we also have the aspect ratio button. So, this one you might not need to use for this task. I would imagine that if you're making a pitch video, you're going to want to use 16 by9. That's kind of the standard high definition video that you would see like on TV or on YouTube or something like that. It's going to be in 16 by9. But if you want you can make a 9 by6 which is good for something like Tik Tok or Instagram. This is the sort of standard size for working on videos for mobile. We also have a 4x5. And we also have a square video. And I'm not sure if you can hear but my poor computer is really struggling with this. My fans are going crazy. So, , I'm going to let it just sit for a little while and try and calm down, but it will get there eventually. It's just overheating, I think. There we go. Okay. So, the last buttons that we're going to have a run through are these ones up here in the right hand menu. And you can see that as I'm hovering over these, , a little, , preview explanation is going to come up. So if ever you forget what a button does, you can always just hover over it with your mouse and you will have a little explanation of it. So the first button here is the graphics button. This is going to be useful for adding titles and any video things like that. The next one is the effects panel. This is great for adding different transitions in between your clips. And I'm going to run through all of these in much more detail later on. So if I'm going too quickly, don't worry. I'm going to cover all of this again. We have color, which is pretty self-explanatory. It's going to let you change the colors in your videos. The speed, which is going to let you speed things up, slow things down, and change the duration of your clips. The audio tab, which is where we're going to control all things audio. And finally, the transform tab, so we can crop, rotate, and scale different, parts of our videos here as well. So, that is the general overview. I'm just going to have a sip of my water because I've been talking non-stop for a little while. So, one moment, please. And if anyone's got any questions so far, anything you'd like me to cover again in a bit more detail, , let me know and I will be more than happy to answer any questions. Okay, I think it's pretty quiet, so I will keep moving on. So, I showed you briefly earlier how we can rearrange our clips. , so we're just going to select one, drag it there. , and then maybe we want this one to be at the end. , and so that is, , a very easy way that you can start to control the style and the way that your video is going to flow. So, , have a play with that. , I feel like that's one of the very powerful ways that you can get different moods in your video. Just quite simply by rearranging different videos in different orders. , you're going to get a very different mood and a different story line throughout your video. So, have a play, see what works. , don't be afraid to make different versions of things and , go back and change things later. , yeah, I would really encourage you to play with just moving things around because you might be surprised with the results. Once you're happy with the layout, let's just go to the very start. , I've got this image here of a bee. , and I think I want to add a title so that we can actually let people know once they start watching this video, , what they're actually watching. , we're going to give them some context and some information. So, we're going to go over to the blue play but the blue plus button that we looked at before. , and we're going to go to the graphics option and we're going to add a graphic. So, we have a whole bunch of different options here. And this is one of the really nice things about Rush is that you don't need to be a graphic designer or an amazing artist to make something that looks really nice. , we have all these nice presets here and there's so many so you can spend hours and hours looking for the one that you like the most. But very quickly today, we're going to go to the titles option. We're going to look for more. And we have this search bar up here. So, we can put in some keywords and see if there's anything we like. So, I'm going to search for yellow. We're looking at bees. We're looking at honey. , so we're going to look for something yellow. And I think that's quite nice. , this one here that says your vlog channel. , we are obviously going to change the text. , this is just a preview demonstration. So, I've got this one selected. I've just clicked on it. , and then down here we have this add button. So, I'm going to click on that. , and it might take a little while, but once it gets there, I'll show you how that will look. There we go. So, I'm just going to press play and we'll have a look at what this is. There we go. I think that might be a little laggy for you. But basically it's just a swipe across of this kind of yellow paint swipe. And then the text will appear and then it will do the reverse. So I think that looks all right. It's, you know, it kind of matches our theme and matches what we what we're going to be showing in this video. But there's a few problems with it. The first and most obvious is that it doesn't say what we want it to say. So we're going to select this clip just by clicking on it. And then we're going to go up to the graphics tab. So that's this one up here at the very top of the right hand side of screen. And then we have now that we've got our graphic imported. You'll see that there's different options here for different components of the video. So I'm just going to double click on the text and I'm going to call this design for