# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

I deleted because I didn't want a subtitle. But we can always >> actually all of this is a subtitle of the graphics. I just see the tab because I saw the tab the left side. Now I can see that the right side it's reflecting on the set. Okay, I got it. I already know what is there. So thank you. >> No worries. No worries. Any other questions? Anything that I haven't explained properly >> and I just wanted to ask if a students use their mobile phone to record of their design or talk and you know introduce their pitch. So that recording that is going to be done by mobile it's a good quality that we can import in this Adobe Rush. >> Yeah. So modern phones tend to have very good cameras. U maybe if you've got an older phone it might not be as good. But generally they'll be more than enough for you know for this kind of thing. You know these probably don't need to be 4K ultra HD videos because we're not going to play them in like a cinema screen in Hollywood. These are going to be generally played on you know a desktop computer or on a phone or an iPad or something like that. , and so we don't need crazy insane quality because that's also going to make things really slow. You can see that my computer's already struggling just with these clips because it's a very old computer. , so I would always recommend , just keeping , you know, small file sizes if you can. , and so yeah, you can definitely use a phone to record. >> Okay, thank you. >> No worries. Okay. , so let's move on to some more of the editing tools. , I'm just going to zoom back out here with this gray bar at the bottom. And excuse if you can hear all my computer fans going. , it's a little bit slow, but there we go. So, we had a look before at the scissors tool. So, that's this one over here. , you can also use the shortcut S on your keyboard. So, if you just click the S key, that's going to do the same thing as clicking that button. So, we can grab our clips. We can move them around. And now you'll see that we have this part of the bees here. It's going to move into this clip. And then we're going to go back to the video of the bees. We can also say, you know what, I didn't want this second part of the clip. I only wanted this first part. We can select that and use the delete key on your keyboard to get rid of it. , so that's good. If you have recorded yourself speaking and maybe you, , you did a bad take, you, , mumbled or stuttered. , you can always just cut those parts out and just keep in the parts that you want. , so you don't have to turn off the recording, turn it back on, redo it, and try and get a good take. You can always just cut out the bits that you don't want. , so that's how you can do that using the scissors tool and the delete tool. , the next thing that I'd like to show you is the transitions. , so just in case you've forgotten, that is the effects tab. So it's the second one down right underneath graphics over on the right hand side. So I'm going to open that up. , and we have a whole bunch of transition presets here. A word of warning, I wouldn't use too many different transitions in a video because it can sometimes look a little bit overwhelming and a little bit busy. So, use these sparingly. Maybe just choose one or two that you like. , and use them consistently throughout instead of, you know, a wipe left and then a slide right and then a dissolve and a crossfade. It can look a little bit visually overwhelming and can sort of take away from the story of your of your video. So yeah, I would recommend just choosing one or two and sticking with them. , but let's see how we can actually apply them to our video. So maybe we want to have a dissolve between this video of the bees and then this video of a beekeeper taking out one of the parts of the hive. So let's select this clip of the bees and we'll choose a dissolve transition. , and it's a little bit hard to see, but there is a little sort of grayish bar that's appeared in between those two clips. , and the same with the start one. But if we have a look here, , now if we scroll across or if we play, , there's going to be a fade in between those two clips. , it's quite quick. , so we can do the same thing that we did before and make it a little bit longer if we want this transition to go for a little bit longer. , we can click it and it's a little bit tricky to navigate, but you'll be able to drag it in and out. , we can also just use the duration slider up here. Currently, it's half a second. , if we want it to be a little bit longer, we can just increase that. , and you'll see that bar will widen a little bit there. , and then it can be a bit easier to click it and , drag it in and out. , so then if we play that, we've got our nice bees and then we have a fade into the next clip. , if you change your mind and you want to delete a transition, same thing. We're just going to use the delete button. , and then that will just have a normal cut transition in between. So, there is heaps of different transitions here. , if you're interested, please have a play, see which ones you like and which work for your video. , and yeah, there's all different kinds of options there. , I'm just going to jump back to our title slide here. , this one is a image. It's a still image. , the rest of the clips that we have in here are videos. So, this is okay. It looks fine. , we've got our image in the background and then our title there. , but if you want to add a little bit more movement to these images, , we can turn on pan and zoom. So, if we have this clip selected and turn on pan and zoom, we're going to have this automatic kind of slow zoom into the image. , it's not great for everything. So, for example, I probably wouldn't actually use this for a title slide because we've already got quite a bit going on with this paint swipe. , but it's good to know that option is there if you need to if you need to add a little bit more interest to your still images. , so what I just did there is open up the pan and zoom options. So this little drop down arrow. , and then we're going to have a start and a end box. So we can move the start box around and say, okay, we want to start it over there. Go to end and move this around. So, we really want to focus on the B and we could, you know, really zoom in on that. , and then once we play that, you'll see it will be a much more dramatic transition and zoom into the B. , so that can be also a good way to highlight different parts of an image. If you've got different things that you really want to showcase, if it's a really important focal point, that can be a good way to do it. , and if we change our mind, we can turn it off just by clicking off this little slider here. , and then it's just going to reset to the default. , the last button here is auto refframe. , so that one is, , good for keeping the most important part of a, , a clip in focus. , so yeah, I haven't really use this one too much and I think for most videos it's not super useful, but please feel free to have a play with that one if it's something that you're interested in , looking more into. , it's kind of like motion tracking, but it's just going to keep the most important part of the video , in the center of the screen as much as it can. , so is