# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

with it. The first and most obvious is that it doesn't say what we want it to say. So we're going to select this clip just by clicking on it. And then we're going to go up to the graphics tab. So that's this one up here at the very top of the right hand side of screen. And then we have now that we've got our graphic imported. You'll see that there's different options here for different components of the video. So I'm just going to double click on the text and I'm going to call this design for change. And then you can just type directly into that field. And so you'll see when it's selected because you'll be able to actually select the text and move your cursor around on the text. We can add a tagline if we want, but if we think, you know what, I don't really need a subtitle, we can just go ahead and delete that and then it will disappear. So the text editing is pretty simple. It's generally things that you're going to have been familiar with if you've ever used Microsoft Word or Google Docs. , you'll be familiar with a lot of these options. We can change the font. Maybe this one doesn't quite match what we're trying to portray. , so we can go with, let's see, something that's all right. Something normal. Let's go with this one. , and we can change the font style. Instead of thin, , for a title, we might want it to stand out a bit more. So, let's go with black. There we go. Now, I'm not a big fan of this purple color with the yellow. I don't think it looks super nice. So, we're going to come to the color options here. And the one that says text color, I'm just going to click on that. This popup will appear where we have the color spectrum. We can cycle through all the colors. I'm just going to click and drag up to black. And then it might take a minute to update the changes. Let's try again. We'll select that. We'll go to black. And there we go. Okay. So, that's worked. Now, we can add an outline to our text if we want. If we select that, we can add an outline. And it might be a little bit hard to see because it's quite small. But there we go. If we make it a bit bigger, you can see. I don't think I love how that looks, so I'm going to turn that off, but just so you know, that option is there if you want to use it. And the same thing down here with the shadow. We can make a drop shadow on our text. So now you'll see that there's a little bit of a shadow underneath which makes it look a little bit more 3D. So we can also change the opacity, make it darker, make it lighter. There's a whole bunch of different options there. And I encourage you if you're interested to have a play with those effects and see if you can make something that you like. But the defaults are also totally fine to use as well. , we can also play with the character spacing. Make them really wide or really narrow. , that's just going to give a sort of different look and feel to your text. , and line spacing is going to be the same thing, , but in the vertical. I always get mixed up between my verticals and horizontals. , but that one's going to be vertical. So, if you've got multiple lines of text, if you've got a very long title, then you can change the height of those. , with that one there, , we can also go down here to this shape, which is the brush stroke. , and we're going to open this one up, and you'll see that we have some similar options. We don't have text options because this isn't a text , asset. This is the brush stroke. Now, if we're going back here to this image of the bee and the flowers, there's a lot of yellow going on, and it's a little bit hard to sort of see where the brush stroke ends and the flowers begin. So for this one, I am going to add a shadow. And you can already see that just with that, it's already standing out a lot more. So I might just make the shadow distance a little bit further. Maybe about there. , and I'll just bring the opacity down a little bit. , and there we go. We can see that now it's standing out a lot more from the page. We can sort of bring a bit more clarity to what the viewer is actually looking at. , and it just makes a little bit more sense. So, if we go and play this again, that looks all right, but maybe it's going on for a little bit too long. , it's not a very long title that we have there, so it might not need to stay on screen for quite that length of time. So, what we can do is selecting this clip, and I'll just zoom in so we can see a little bit better. Close that one. , if I select this clip and I hover over the end once my computer unfreezes, , you'll see this little red arrow appear. , it's a little sort of bracket with a little red arrow. , and that will appear when you hover over the ends. So, when it's pointing to the left, , that means that I can drag it in. And we're going to make that clip shorter. So, I could also drag it out and make it a really long title if we wanted. , but I don't want to do that. I'm going to make it a little bit shorter than it was. Maybe to about there. , but now you'll see that this B image that we have is too short. , so we've got this B image that I want to have in the background while this title is playing. , and so we can do the exact same thing. We can select this clip, hover our mouse over the end, and this little bracket and arrow is going to appear. And we can drag this out. , and then we can make that the same length as the title. So then when we play that, the timing is going to be a little bit nicer, a little bit more snappy. , and we're not going to have the title cutting over the next video as well. So that is how you can add nice titles and nice maybe explanations to your video. Maybe you've got a demonstration of your product and you want to put a little bit of text on the screen to say this was filmed in, you know, in this area, in this place at this time. If you're seeing this popup, it's just a good idea to close it and reopen it. I'm not going to bother for now, but just so you know, if you're seeing this, just close the program, reopen it, and you'll you'll be good to go. , but yes, , using the plus button and then graphics is a good way to add text and titles. , is there any questions so far on anything that I've covered? Any, , anything you'd like me to go over again? >> , Julia, , since you just show us with the graphic and add the text, what are the other items? It's part of the graphic just knowing where are the place for the features we are going to add. So it's just the text and the title. Sorry, is it just the title? >> Yeah. So this one and they're all going to be different depending on which graphic you choose. This one has the text and you'll see by clicking on the different items in the graphics menu different things are going to highlight. So this first one here is the text here >> which is the main text. >> This one was the subtitle which I deleted because I didn't want a subtitle. But we can always >> actually all of this is a subtitle of the graphics. I just see the tab because I saw the tab the left side. Now I can see that the right side it's reflecting on the set. Okay, I got it. I already know what is there. So thank you. >> No worries. No worries. Any other questions? Anything that I haven't explained properly >> and I just wanted to ask if a students use their mobile phone to record of their design or talk and you know