would like. And again, shift to create a perfect square. Or if I just or if I wanted a wireframe that fit it fits certain dimensions, I just click. And you see right now that's created the dimension a wireframe with the dimensions of the iPhone 14 Pro, but it's got the dimensions of lots of different tablets as well as just the standard HD dimensions you'd use on a on a normal PC. And you see here you've got document assets that has pretty much everything we have in this document. We've got color styles, we've got color we've got colors, we've got character styles, and we've got components. I'll explain what components are a little later on in the tutorial. You've also got all your artboards and all your wireframes in here in layers. And that's command Y or control Y if you're on a PC. What I'm get going to get you to do now is go into plugins. This bottom here. That's command shift P if you're on a Mac or control shiftp if you're not. And I'm going to get you to download Lauram Ipsum. I've already got it downloaded, but if you wanted, but if you don't have it downloaded, all you need to do is go to this plus button in plugins. Here you have all the plugins available for Adobe XD. So right now you can see that you found Laura Mipsson on the right here. Mine is just installing uninstalling and I'll reinstall it again. But and I'll show you how this works once it's installed again. But thanks to Lauramibson, it allows you to just insert huge swats of placeholder Latin text the way you see just in your standard wireframes across various different things. So we'll come back to that later. Okay. So now we're going to create a wireframe that will resemble something like this. So you've got these two blank wireframes here. And we're going to make something that resembles this homepage and this project page. So on the left here, that's where we can put our Y our menu. So we can create a circle. Again, that's holding shift to create a perfect circle. Give that a nice blue fill or turquoise fill as well as lots of buttons to click on. So that's a nice little rectangle. And what's great about XD that you don't see in many other programs is it's really intuitive to give your rectangles a rounded edge. So you see that you've got these little circles on the edges of the rectangle. Just click and drag and you get these perfectly rounded edges. Now, what's a very cool feature here is the ability to repeat grid. This saves a lot of time. So, just click it, go up to here, click repeat grid, and that just allows you to click and drag. So, you have all these buttons. So, you now have all these shapes without having to waste time duplicating anything, which I think is very cool. Awesome. I'm also going to create some photos or places where photos would go. Again, go for the perfect squares. Give it a different color to indicate that it's a photo rather than the buttons you see on the side. And again, go for repeat grid to save time. If you want to create something with the same color as a different asset you've seen but not sure which color it is, all you need to do is press this dropper tool and hover it above the color and there you go. Repeat the peak grid again just because it's fun. Awesome. Now you've got a little homepage. What I would like to show you is the opportunity to the ability to extend the height of an artboard so that when you are viewing it later on, you're able to scroll up and down the way you would a normal web page or application on your mobile phone. So extend it. And now you see we've got this blue dotted line. And this indicates that if we were to view this in presentation mode, we now had the ability to scroll down. And I'll just show you this again. This is our homepage in preview mode. And you see there's no content here now, but we now have the ability to scroll down. And just to show you what I mean properly, I'll add some more content to the page. So Tom for someone like me who is not coming from the design aspect. So what you're showing us is how this is going to be look like on a let's say a mobile application like a the platform and that you're showing as a wireframe. This is how we should expect to be present based on the size you are going to choose. >> Yes. You can select you can select different wireframes depending on what kind of mobile application you're hoping to present. So, say if you wanted to present an your mobile application was more designed for an iPad rather than the dimensions I'm currently using, then you would select a wireframe that had the dimensions of an iPad, if that makes sense. >> Yes. All right. That makes sense. Thank you. >> Lovely. So just a shortcut for duplicating triangle shapes and everything included would just be to select and hold shift and hold shift again and just keep holding shift until you've selected all your things at which point you could just copy and paste. Awesome. So, and what's great about XD is it automatically aligns all your shapes to relative all the other relative shapes as you see by that little blue line. Perfect. So, if we go back into preview mode There you go. We scroll down. We've got more content just because the score line would be around here. Just between those just in the wide space between those two yellow rectangles. Cool. So then we'll move on to the second wireframe where some more text is involved as well as some header items. So to activate the Lauram Ipsum plugin, all you need to do is draw a rectangle. Have that rectangle selected. Go into Lauram and hit fill placeholder with text. There you go. That is a lot of text, but you can see it's just that simple. So, to repeat, that's a rectangle plugin filled with placeholder text. Insert text. There you go. Now, you've got a massive body of text. And depending on how creative you want to be, I also imagine you could do the same with a circle. Not that you would because that looks admittedly very strange. Oh no, there you go. It only has it has to be a rectangle, which makes a lot of sense. Cool. So now we've got our bodies of text. We can align them so they look a bit more practical. You can also shrink down the size of your rectangles. And line them up. So for the sake of this wireframe, we're imagining each body of text is accompanied by a large picture. So, as we did before, our pictures will be represented by the color yellow. And if you want to copy a asset quickly, it's just command C, command V. There you go. Copied perfectly. Lovely. And we'll also create some header items. So that's just clicking text. Call this home. Repeat text again. Repeat grid again. There you go. And so we've got this group of home text. So if you select that, it selects the whole thing. But if you want to modify each individual one, just click ungroup grid. And that gives you the option to ungroup. So now I can edit these individually. So home about contact. Hold shift and select them all to move them all. And there you go. We've got our header. It's pretty neat, isn't it? And just for prosperity, we'll have a go at changing fonts and giving this page a title. So, project title here. But that form's fairly unexpiting, uninspiring. Not sure what that word I just used was. So, go into text down here. See, we've chosen the aerial font. Choose something a bit more impact. I think there is literally a font called impact. We'll use that. There you go. That's very impactful. And we can also change the font size. So 30. Make it a bit bigger. Let's go 60. Cool. Just position that where we want. There you go. We get we'll now get into the really fun bit, prototypes. So, you see on the right here in our example section, they've created a I'm not sure what this is. I imagine this is a product page of some sort, a sort of arts design portfolio page. So you see in our prototyping section, we have all these different assets to choose from. So it's just as easy, just as simple as dragging all