# VIDEO: Workshop 1  Adobe XD (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

also change the font size. So 30. Make it a bit bigger. Let's go 60. Cool. Just position that where we want. There you go. We get we'll now get into the really fun bit, prototypes. So, you see on the right here in our example section, they've created a I'm not sure what this is. I imagine this is a product page of some sort, a sort of arts design portfolio page. So you see in our prototyping section, we have all these different assets to choose from. So it's just as easy, just as simple as dragging all these assets onto our wireframe so it resembles this example. So we'll do that now. And again, for those making it at home, it doesn't have to resemble exactly this. In fact, I encourage that it doesn't. The more creative you are with this, the more likely you are to learn faster. Now, a problem we've run into, and this is purely because we're using pre-made assets, is the fact that all these are components rather than just title text assets. So, I can't get them to line up. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to make my own using the same font. So, if you click on the text, you'll see that's in future font with a size of 24 in medium. So, I'm just going to do the same thing. There you go. Now I've got my own little bit of text that resembles all our assets. And this isn't relevant to this project, but I just wanted to show you this because it makes it a lot easier for us to line up our text. So, I'll just make some space and go repeat grid again and maybe get rid of every second one. Cool. So, now our options are perfectly lined up. Sweet. Okay, we'll move on. So, now it's just a case of down of dragging all these assets onto the page. And again, it doesn't have to resemble exactly the example, but as long as you're across how it works and what you're trying to make with this, then that's all fine. So Tom for a students who wants to create let's say a mobile application for their project. So do they need to create this prototype asset related to the project before they start like similar to what you've done? >> Yes. >> Before they bring it to the >> Yeah, that's right. So, so these are all just PNG files brought in from elsewhere. I imagine they were designed at Photoshop or >> just taken from various free site royalty-free sites off the internet, perhaps Google images. If this is for a project, I recommend ve something like Vector Stock or Pixels for royalty-free photos. But again, it's it's entirely dependent what on what you're designing. Thank you. >> Okay, so now we have something that resembles a design homepage. Okay, we are now going to I'm going to now show you something called a hover state. Okay, so we're now previewing our example homepage. So you see when I hover my mouse over these various photos, we get gray overlay with titles. So that's very cool. Okay, so we've got this A thing selected and you see to my right you've got default state and hover state. So when it's in hover state it looks like this and when it's in default state it looks like that. This is already pre-made but I'm going to show you how to make it make it again. So, we'll make a square that bright blue. So, we've got a new asset. We'll go to components. Right now, it's in default state. So, we'll create something else. Add state. Hover state. Very good. And now we'll create something to go in hover state. So separate triangle make it black but turn the opacity down. Good. And also give it a title. Make sure that lines up. It does. Good. And group. You can group these things together by selecting the title and selecting the square while holding shift and grouping. That's command G. So there you go. Okay, now you go into your thing. Make sure hover state selected. Double click and click and drag. Okay, we will now create a pop element up element. So you see in prototype example two, we've got this page here that talks a bit about user interface design as well as showing a picture and what actually happens, how you get to this in our example prototype. Okay, so we're in example prototype. If we to click on this app UI design, we would get this popup. So I'll show you how to make that now. Okay. So, we'll just drag our thing onto this. We'll make our pop-up to start with. So, we'll put our square dead center. You see it's lighting up with the pink crosshairs. Okay. So, now we've got a popup or a wireframe of a pop-up. So, if we go into the prototyping tab, that's here. We're now in prototyping mode. And what happens? All we have to do is click on this thing and you see we've got the option of this arrow. So just click and drag all the way over to this artboard. And on the right you've got our interaction panel. So what's the trigger? It's tapping. So that just means clicking on it. So that's good. We'll keep it like this. Type instead of transition, which would just transition the whole show you the whole page. It wouldn't look very good. You want it to overlay over the top of your home of your design homepage. So, we'll go to overlay. You can see it's destination is set to prototype 2, which is what we want. That's the artboard here. Animation, you can add a dissolve in animation. And the dissolve will have a duration of about. 3 seconds. So that's what we want. So we'll test that out now. Okay. So we're back in the one that we've made. If we click on this one, see, we get a popup. Looks great. That's a lot of fun, I think. Okay. And to get out of the pop-up, just click anywhere else on the page and you're back to your home screen. So, we are back in our prototyping stage. I'll show you how to share now. So, if I go into share and wanted to share the whole thing, you'd it currently has our entire project selected. So, that's every artboard we've been using. But by the time you finished your product project, you'll only want to share your functional prototype. So to do that, just go into prototype prototyping mode and find this little home button on the side of the artboard. So click that and that sets. So we've now created a flow. So I'll just leave that as it is. Flow one. So this is our homepage and because it's also connected to this popup this when you share it the pop-up will also be included. So if we go back into share you see everything is grayed out except the two p except the flow that we want to share. So now all you have to do is create link and you got few different view settings but for your thing it'll only be design review because you'll be getting feedback on a design or prototype link access. Anyone with a link? Create link. Awesome. So now we have this link. Just click on it. There we go. So our homepage has now opened up in our web browser. So you can explore it. You've got all our overlays. And if we click on our hyperlink, we got a popup. There you go. So that brings us to the end of my presentation, but Peter, is there anything you'd like me to go back over or you think that the students at home would like extra clarification on? Thank you so much Tom. I guess we can this is just the beginning of exploring Adobe XD. We try to keep it simple in the beginning and as Julia mentioned the beginning you always have a chance to be in contact with Adobe coaches. Considering the time this is right on time and I guess everything was from what you explained Tom was clear but as again the Adobe coaches always explained unless you practice you are not going to learn and once you practice you might come across some of the problems and we are here to assist you I mean the Adobe coaches who are experts they are going to assist you. So again thank you so much Tom for covering the Adobe XD training. So again the design for change is an opportunity for you to go beyond your unit your assessment and you know come up with a 4m minute video of your prototype which is aligned