# VIDEO: Workshop 1  Adobe XD (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

Okay. Hi everyone at home watching after the fact. We're happy to not see you here, but we're happy that you're watching this recording afterwards. Thank you for taking the time to have a look over this Adobe XD workshop for the design for change competition. We're really excited to run you through this amazing program and we hope that you learned something new. So let's start with some introductions. My name is Julia. I'll be the moderator for today. So I'll be introducing this session and getting us all off started. We have the wonderful beta here who is going to explain to you the design for change competition and run you through everything you need to know about that. And then finally we have Tom here who is going to be your Adobe coach for today and he's going to teach you all about Adobe X. Before we get started I would like to make an acknowledgement of country. We respectfully acknowledge the Waranderie people of the Cooland nation who are the traditional owners of the land on which Sunburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east and we'd like to pay our respect to their elders past, present and emerging. We would also like to acknowledge and pay respect to the traditional owners of lands all across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. And we acknowledge that sovereignty was never seated. Okay, so if you didn't know already, Swimburn is a Adobe Creative Campus. What that means is that you get access to all of the Adobe programs completely for free. , you have access to the coaches. So, we're a team of students and ex- studentents who are here to help you with any Adobe questions you might have. , we run workshops just like this one all throughout the year. And we have drop-in sessions in the library as well as a bunch of online resources and tutorials as well. So, we'll send out some more information about that after the workshop. But yeah, just so you know, we're here to help and if you've got any questions, you can always feel free to get in touch with us. On the agenda today, we're going to be looking through Adobe XV. If you've never used XV before, don't worry. You're in the right place. This is a totally beginner friendly workshop. So, don't feel nervous. We hope that you are confident in your ability. We assure you that anyone can use this program. It's really not as scary as it looks. So, if you open it up and you're thinking, "Oh gosh, what's going on? Where am I? " Please don't worry. We're going to run you through everything you need to know. We're going to begin by taking a look at the XV interface. We're going to have a look at all the different tools that it has to offer. We're going to look at how to use plugins, which are extra features that XV can offer. And then we're going to move into creating a wireframe for a website template. , and then we're going to take that wireframe into an actual working prototype. So, by the time that you come out of this workshop, you're going to know how to create an entire website prototype from the ground up. Before we get started, , make sure that you're signed into the Adobe Creative Cloud using your Swimburn student email and your Swimburn student password. , make sure that you have the XD app installed and open and the workshop assets downloaded. , I'll pop a link in the chat and I'll when we edit this video, I'll put the link up on screen for you to head to as well. For those who are joining us in person today, please make sure that your microphones and videos stay off throughout the workshop. If you've got any questions, please don't hesitate to ask. Just pop them in the chat and either myself or Tom will answer those for you. And please do follow along with us today. We always find that students who follow along and try and do the tutorial with us always come out of it with more skills than those who just maybe watch. So if you can, please do follow along. And yeah, we hope that you enjoy this session. We hope you have fun and learn something new. And with that, I'll hand over to Beta. Thank you so much, Julia. And I really appreciate all of the efforts that and opportunity that the Adobe coaches providing for the students. So this is an opportunity for you. This is going to be one hour recorded session but please be in contact with the Adobe coaches. Just to go to a very brief explanation about what is the design for change. Julia can you please confirm that the slide is running good. So we are talking about the design for change competition. This is started in 2021 and following the successful program and following the positive feedback from students to extend the networking who receive the feedback from industry partner who learn by doing by practicing on something and this is not an extra work. We try to talk with the convenor of the units. I and I know that some of the units they come close to the do you know to the assessments that they are close to this what we are expecting here. So this year in 2023 we are going to have a collaboration. So the women in a STEM they are going to be in the collaboration and I go through this slide to brief you about what do we expect. So I guess the aim here is we want the group of us and as an academic with a group of collaborators which I explain shortly. We are running a program which is shaping STEM futures. So design for change is one of the competition. So what we plan what we what we aim is to develop swimburn students communication and technical skills utilizing multidisciplinary collaborative approach where you can play risk and act as an entrepreneur. So we want to help and support you foster the building of digital literacy that will empower students with the skills that it's required for your future career and the you know you're coming with the design that the prototype that you design to unpack a challenge a real world challenge the one that can inspire community and the one that can contribute to the industry vision. So what is the final product? Let's say if you're in a computing science or you're in design, you're in business, you're any discipline, any Swimb burner students here in Australia in HON campus and also from Sarowak, you're entitled to participate in the workshops. They are optional. You are going if you register you are going to receive the recorded session to use in your own time to be trained and of course you can be in contact with Adobe coaches as Julia suggested. So the end product here whatever you're doing in your unit in your assessment or based on your passion or your research. So if you have a digital prototype and Adobe XD is an option. So if you are coming around a digital prototype, we ask you to come up with a 4-minute video where you can introduce your you know your design and pitch your prototype, your startup prototype and then that would be an entry to this competition. So we want you to be able to come up with a narrative video which explain about the challenge that the one of the one of the real world challenges and then you come up with the way that like a in a in a format of a startup pitch presentation you can take us through the your design solution and your prototype. So we have a vision and our industry partner which I am going to explain shortly. We have a common vision and we want to make to make the world a better place to live and you're going to act on that and you're going to share and communicate your idea. So the 4minut video is the end product for this competition. So collaborators we have our industry partner insurance Australia group which we call it IIG. So we have the a group of an institute that they are look working on inspiring girls and women's into the STEM. So that's another vision we have. So we have our academic in Sowak. We have employability team who is helping us to archive this recording session registration pages and we have our fantastic Adobe team the Adobe coaches and we have emerging leaders program. If you didn't hear about emerging leaders program, this competition is going to provide you a certificate with the campus participation which is one