# VIDEO: Workshop 1  Adobe XD (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

industry partner insurance Australia group which we call it IIG. So we have the a group of an institute that they are look working on inspiring girls and women's into the STEM. So that's another vision we have. So we have our academic in Sowak. We have employability team who is helping us to archive this recording session registration pages and we have our fantastic Adobe team the Adobe coaches and we have emerging leaders program. If you didn't hear about emerging leaders program, this competition is going to provide you a certificate with the campus participation which is one of the certificate that emerging leaders program provide to you and if you achieve four of those which then you're going to receive the leadership certificate. So that's another topic. If you need to know more, please contact me and I can connect you with the right people. So who is actually involved in this? Who is leading? So myself I don't know if I didn't in introduce myself again. I am beta and I am a lecturer. This year I'm working as a work integral learning academic in the swimburn. So with me I have Castlan who is the department chair of the computing science and I have Elliot from design technical and then he's acting as a design officer. So with this team of course we have a judging criteria we are going to you're going to submit your 4-minute video the selected video based on the judging criteria based on the criteria that is going to be shared and is already in the registration page. It's going to be we are going to have a live showcase where we are going to play the 4minut videos and the judges are going to decide and announce the winner of the design for change 2023. Shortly I'm going to explain what you are going to achieve more than just winning or participation in the design for change. So this is just a brief sum and a summary of what we are going to cover in design for change. As you can see we have a Adobe XD the first workshop. Today we are going to run Adobe rush on Thursday 13th of April. We are going to have a startup pitch presentation run by entrepreneur from our school of business or an external industry partner. So on 11th of May. So you are expected to send an email and provide me the outline of your idea by 15th of May and the 4-minute video in the form of your design in the format of the startup pitch presentation. It's going to be submitted by 29th of May. Let's say if you have a assessment to create a mobile application you know align with your computing science then this is basically what you 99 9 95% it's done. So you can just create a 4-minute video and come along and what you're going to achieve you're going to the judges choice is going to be announced in the live showcase which is in on 1 of June 2023. So you're going to the winner is going to the winner it could be an individual or a group of students. We encouraged a group of students to reduce the workload and come you know for extending this networking and receive the feedback from industry partner and the judges. So they're going to receive 400 bucks and the certificate of the participation and a credit as part of the emerging leaders program and the story of your success is going to be published. That's why I think if you've done this as part of your assessment or this is your passion or this is your research with a few more step just creating 4minut video with the support of our amazing Adobe coaches you are going to be recognized you're going to be acknowledged and your work is going to be showcased and that takes us to some of the winner I'm not going to play this but this video is can be shared with all of you. So the sister cloud was a mobile application inspire girls and women's into the stem that was the winner team in 2021 and the winner of 2022 was the team leader it's called and they made the mobile application and if you have any if you have any question please contact me this is the email and I should be able to assist and share and answer your questions. I'm going to stop sharing and now Tom is going to start >> cover the training. Thank you Tom. >> Welcome guys to those at home and the one person here. Thank you for joining us. Okay, Adobe XD just confirming you can stream my screen now. Can you? Excellent. So from the project that you've been able to download in the in the assets link we've put up, you'll find this project. You'll find an empty wireframe, an empty prototype, and an example wireframe, an example prototype. So we're going to make the example prototype and the example wireframe, but I find it's much more fun if you try to make your own as we go along. And it doesn't have to look exactly like this. So, we'll start off by explaining all the tools that Adobe XD has. At the top, this arrow, this is select, that's V on a Mac and PC. This is square or rectangle, ellipse, triangle, line, and a pencil, a text, artboard, and zoom. Okay. So, select it. Does what it says on the tin. You can use it to select the various assets around the portfolio. So, for example, selecting this wireframe title, moving it up, moving it down. There you go. The square, circle, and triangle buttons. It's like Photoshop. It's just being able to create a shape. So, if I wanted to create a rectangle, I just select rectangle R. I'd make a rectangle. If I wanted a perfect square, I'd do the same thing, but I'd hold down shift and that gives you a perfect square. Same thing for ellipse, I can get an ellipse, if I just click and drag. Or if I wanted a perfect circle, I would just select shift and click and drag. And with the triangle, it's the same thing. With lines, it's pretty similar. Just click and drag for a line. If you want a perfectly straight line, you can hold shift and that will give you a perfectly straight line. Awesome. So we'll just delete all but one of these. So if I've made a shape, I have the option of giving it a fill just over here. So if I wanted to give it a red fill, I could do that. And if I wanted to give it a border of some kind, but right now it's got a gray border, but if I want to give it a border of a different color, that would be just as easy. And to increase the size of the border, right now it's set to size one, so that's just one pixel. That's very thin. So maybe if I set it to 10, there you go. You see the border becomes much more obvious. Cool. , so text, you can click and drag a text box and start typing in or just type start typing. There you got text there. , if I want to create a custom shape, I just click pen. That's P for pen. Then I could click that created a point there. Another point there and another point there. What's great about XD as well as programs like Photoshop and Illustrator is you have the option of autoal aligning your pen tool to various points that you've already set up. So that's just makes it a lot easy to create perfectly symmetrical shapes. So, I've got my triangle. But if I wanted to create something rounder, I could take a point, click another point, and instead of just clicking, I could click and drag. And you see that creates a curve to the edge of the shape. And the more points you create, the renderer it can get. Lovely. Artboards. Artboards are essentially canvases on which you'd create your wireframes. It's the same as a rectangle tool where I could create whatever size I would like. And again, shift to create a perfect square. Or if I just or if I wanted a wireframe that fit it fits certain dimensions, I just click. And you see right now that's created the dimension a wireframe with the dimensions of the iPhone 14 Pro, but it's got the dimensions of lots of different tablets as well as just the standard HD dimensions you'd use on a on a normal PC. And you see here you've got document assets that has pretty much everything we have in this document. We've got color styles, we've got color we've