plant which I sat by for a week before I figured out what was going on. And what would happen is this plant was nice and green. But when it started to bloom, the flower itself turned very the leaves outside the flower started to have get red spots on them. And as those red spots got redder and redder, the little hummingbird would come around and say, "Aha, underneath there is a flower and it's got some it's got some juice in it that I want to get. , and I'll go in there and get some of that juice. " But as it was getting the juice, it got some pollen knocked on the front of its head. And so then it went to the next plant. And so it was pollinating. And that was a system that must have developed over millions of years. And as a student and studying the divi the ver the biodiversity there that led to a paper and an understanding of something that nobody had understood before. So if you get an opportunity to do something that may seem impossible or that may seem like maybe only on the edge of what you're interested in, think about it and don't be discouraged by people saying, "Oh, maybe you probably won't get it. " Because that's not necessarily. And this was Costa Rica. I did a lot of other things down there. Learned a lot of things from people, the guide that was driving the ox cart. , I got enough Spanish that I could speak with some of the folks and I learned all about their history and I learned I just learned so much in two months that I really look at it. And this is just us flying in a DC3 and the pilot on that plane who dropped us down in southern Costa Rica said, "Get everything out of this plane. Nobody goes back with me. The only way I'm going to get off this airirstrip is to have the plane as light as possible. And another time, , one of my colleagues and I decided we wanted to go across the Panameanian border. We wanted to see how the vegetation changed. The only way we could get across was on horseback. So, we managed to rent a horse for a bottle of rum. And we spent two days going and taking making maps of the area that we were working in to the southern part of Costa Rica across into Panama. And also there was a geologist on our team and we went and looked at all of the geological phenomenon around there. Just a huge variety of life, a huge history of how that part of the world formed. You can imagine how much we gained. And this was the paper that we published showing hummingbird seeing the red spots and knowing it was time to go and get his juice and also pollinate. The next thing that happened when I went to I started working on puzzles from central Australia when I was at Berkeley and I started working under a man by the name of Ruben Arthur Sturin and unfortunately he died while I was still his student and I went to another professor at Berkeley and unfortunately he didn't ma he didn't last so I was beginning to think I was bad luck. However, I was allowed to take all of the material of the fossil birds that Stern had collected in the 50s and 60s and take it to the museum in the at the American Museum of Natural History. And that was my PhD thesis and it led me to Australia. That was the first time that I came to Australia and I decided I wanted to stay. So we Tom and I both were able to come on an expedition in the very early '7s to go to the localities where some of this material had been found in South Australia, in Queensland and places like that. And that really just turned my interest on this beautiful, beautiful country and the material that it had. Here is Sturton on the right in his expeditions in the 50s with the South Australian Museum. And the man sitting standing sit well crouching next to him is a guy called Paul Lawson. Paul Lawson is still alive. He's 103 and we just published a paper with him about two years ago. So he has had a long history in working on the paleontology of this country. And what was so interesting when I did this thesis was it the desert above is what it's like today, but 20 million years ago it was like that in central Australia. And that's what came out of my work on the fossil plants and on the birds in particular. And we found so much stuff. It was just mindb boggling what hadn't been found and what hadn't been reported. And so u 20 million years ago there were flu well as little as two million years ago there were flamingos all over the place here in Australia. Now they're gone. The big bird on the bottom there is a thing called a drummerid and those birds were dominant herbivores. All of that stuff that was the discoveries and just to find something and be able to report on it and think about it is amazing. And how you communicate that then which is what I'm talking about is you there's many different ways. One of the ways of one of the big lizards that we found was to put together exhibitions and to have the scientists deeply involved in putting the exhibition together the kids obviously they are fascinated with it. And so then you start asking the kids to think about well why the teeth and does it have permanent teeth? And there's just all sorts of questions that you can ask people, kids, everybody to think about when they see some of these discoveries. We've also, Tom and I both have been so lucky to work with Peter Trustler who is an artist who did a Ph did a PhD with me. , and artwork is absolutely gripping. , you might get something in the fossil record that, you know, is a bit of this and a bit of that. You know, you might have a leg and you might have some teeth and you might have some vertebrae. And by aligning that with something that's as close in the living world as you can with this thing in the past and then putting together a reconstruction you grab people's attention you get an they get an idea that you can talk in words but if you have a really good photographic reconstruction almost that helps a lot well one of the things that I became interested in again which led to a lot of science communications led to exhibition that I put on up in so up to New Guinea and you take a boat and you take it across to Java, you find the biota on both sides of what's now as many names, but one of them is Wallace's line is so different and yet they're so close. And so this was another area that I got interested in. And again, it led to so much science communication, science communication with the kids in Sowak, science communication with the kids in Southeast Asia and Singapore, exhibitions, educational materials, and just talking to people on the street in all of these places. Talking about Alfred Russell Wallace who was the man who discovered this difference really across that very small bit of water. He is this focus of trying to get people to think about how the world has changed over time and the again because of our experience my experience at UC Berkeley at the very end of my time there and at the American Museum and Colombia just at that time we were beginning to understand why they're so close and yet so different because Australia of course has not been where it is today all of its life. So it was continental drift and that explained a lot of this and just being alive during this transition in thinking really again drove home what I tried to drive home to people is that things can change interpretations can change. If you've got the evidence to show that change, then use it and use it wisely and explain it in a way that individual people that you're working with can understand. Okay. So that's gives you an idea of the background that I had. And so on from there, I had the background in plate tectonics. I had the background in what understood. I had the background in modern biology, modern systems in tropical areas of the world etc. And then after having come to Australia that first time, I decided