# VIDEO: Curiosity Rules! | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

dinosaurs from China to Australia and this was my husband working on this as well. Is that it at the time when I made my first contact in China again it was a time when China was just coming out of the dark and we had a postcard that came to us from one of the scientists there saying we're okay and we're looking to try and do some things with colleagues. So I wrote to the prime minister. Now I was just a beginning lecturer at me but I wrote to the prime minister and I said I want to go to China because we need to make connection with these people. And I got a letter back from the prime minister that said fine where do you want to go? So again don't let people tell you can't do something and do it nicely but anyway. So this was the dinosaurs from China that came here and it was an absolute success and it brought in money for the National Museum of Victoria. They brought in money from the Chinese. It allowed us to make casts of the of dinosaur material from China. You go into Museum Victoria and go to the dinosaur walk and you're going to find there's a beautiful set of casts from the Chinese dinosaurs and also from the Russian dinosaurs that we organized with them and were able to do it simply by co cooperating with colleagues and it was a way of raising money. It was a way of communicating. When I first went to China in 1979, it was a little different. , this is this is in November of 1979. That is the total number of flights in and out of the Beijing airport when I went. So, you can see that it was an interesting time. And , one of the places I wanted to go was into a mine that was in central China where they were getting skeletons of , mammals that were about 20 million years old. And I was able to visit these places simply by asking and that and at work and out of that came another way of communicating science at a at a educational level. But even this has been used in schools. It was a dictionary a Chinese English Chinese dictionary of vertebra paleo terms. We expanded that to include paleontology all paleontology and geology and that was published in two volumes and I was able to communicate with people in several parts of China and get the get the translations and this allowed papers to be translated more communication and it allowed communication between different groups. So this was another way and this was the Russian the Russian dinosaur and relatives exhibitions. Again this is Russia in 1992. We were able to sign contracts very simply. We went there in May of 1993. We sat down at a table with the people at theological institute. We discussed them. We came up with a very simple contract. And in August 1993, we opened an exhibition at the museum, Museum Victoria. And that traveled around Australia. It traveled to the United States and a cast of it traveled to Argentina. We were able I was able to organize all of that. And it was because of the communication between the scientists and also the paper pushers at that time were very much more simple building museums. And I think I'll do this and we'll stop after this because it's gonna we need to have some time for talk for questions. , exhibitions, traveling exhibitions are one really good way of communicating science with everybody. And they aren't just exhibitions that have a bunch of stuff on display, but they include educational materials, they include lectures, they include depending upon where you are, you can have little field trips and so on and so forth. One of the things that came out of this is I was very interested in building a center in Melbourne that really concentrated on science communication and it was to be run by researchers who were doing the research and engaging other researchers. And so the out of this came the ME science center and that lasted from 90 from the beginning of 93 through to 2012 and after that it had to change and it is now that facility is now based at Swinburn. David Atenboroough is our patron and so that was a center that concentrated the knowledge of research scientists from all over the place not just from me but from all around Australia from our people overseas that were cooperating with us. And we presented things at different levels. I mean the stamp issues were one of them. Education kits were another. Field trips and so forth. There were many different ways to communicate science. I built a building on the MES campus which is still there and David was there right at the very end of when we were able to occupy that building and this was what was inside for the first exhibition that was all about the history of life and we did all kinds of things there. We still do these are some of the classroom lessons. We have what are called weekend warriors and other groups of kids that come around. These are kids that go out to schools. I mean, there's all manner of things and all manner of different kinds of topics that we cover. This was an exhibition that we put on natural disasters. , and we work with we work with people all around the world. This is another museum that I work with in Argentina. And we this is one of our traveling exhibitions that went to that museum to again in Buenosares one of the exhibitions. Two purposes communicate and to make some money so that we can pay for the communication programs and we had field trips there and again Peter Trussler was crafting some of the material that we found and again another form of communication. Now I'm going to stop there. There's I could go on again a bit, but we have programs in Afghanistan which at the moment are a little bit under stress. , but we'll just have to stop with that. And I hope if I go right to the very end of this, there is a thing that I would like to put on a program in Indonesia and this is Argentina and Russia and Africa. We're almost there. I want to get sorry about this. >> No worries. >> Okay. Lessons. Intellectual curiosity should be subsidized from the moment a child is born for life. People should be nurtured to follow their dreams. Quality should never be compromised. And George Washington was absolutely right. There's nothing which can better deserve our patronage than the promotion of science and literature. Knowledge is in every country the shest basis of public happiness. So I'll end with that. >> Thank you very much Patricia. I'm here to listen to you and every time I listen to you even though some of this story up you know ahead from you still it's fascinating and it's for me it's very do you know I believe the passion and the c curiosity it's something that it takes you and leads you towards what is you're going to explore that exciting moments of your life when you're going to explore something and how you can come across some you know I think the right people the right time and mentors to share this knowledge with others and that fulfilling and how this can help you and to support the community I guess now we are living in the world that it's more than ever we need the right information people overwhelmed with too many of information they don't know what is correct what is not. So I guess this is the role of our all of these science graduate to act as a science communicator and make sure that we share the right message. And we can start from the community from the street from your neighbors from your grandmother and fathers. So everything so just let them to know what is happening. So I guess now we are open to the questions and maybe if you want you can type in the chat or I don't know if I can find it in the Q&A. So I don't know I'm just trying to I guess I start with my question Patricia. Every time >> you talk about all of these diverse communication that you had from the ch with the child to politicians to do something. It was interesting for me how you come across these gaps like you try to adjust your you know your action in the right time with the right people to do something that it's beneficial for you for a team and for the countries and