some small wars. They weren't small, but in comparison to World War II, they were small. And we had just a lot of opportunities at that time in the 50s and early 60s for getting a free education. I mean, I grew up on a farm. We basically, you know, we weren't big farmers and we didn't have lots of money and neither one of my dad was he had to drop out of school in grade six so he could help his parents raise their kids. My mom wanted to go to university, but she was not offered the opportunity to go to university. Her brothers were, but her father didn't think girls should be going to university. So she in a way when I did go away to university, she came away with me to university at the University of California and she got a job in the department of enemology there because she was a very good bookkeeper and just a very good organizer. And they were so cool that they allowed her as a person who just had a quotes just had a high school education to go and sit in on a number of the lectures that were going on. Some of whom were being some of which were being given by Nobel laureates at the University of California at Berkeley. So she got her education later. But my parents with that kind of a background they still wanted to support me going to university. They had to sell everything they owned in the way of property which wasn't a lot. And we all moved away to university together and so that was the way it was. Now as I said UC Berkeley had a lot of Nobel laureates we were taught by those people and it was fantastic to have that kind of a background and then I went I got did my PhD my masters and PhD at Colombia. So we got a really good background from many different kinds of researchers etc. And we also were going to Colombia at the time right at the end of Berkeley and the beginning of Colombia at the time of the plate tectonics revolution. You couldn't ask for a better time quite frankly. This is high school. One of my projects that I worked on was trying to build a radiocarbon dating machine. And again, one of the things I learned as a farmer is that don't be afraid to ask questions and don't be afraid to do something that somebody might tell you is impossible. What I did as a 14year-old is I was really interested in carbon 14 got dates on when things happened in the past. And so what I did was to I just wrote to the man who was who had invented the technique Willard F. Libby who was at UCLA as a 14-year-old. And I wrote to him and I said, "Could I come down and see how your technique works? " And he wrote right back to me and said, "Yep, come down. " And I spent a week in his lab at UC UCLA and I actually ended up building a carbon 14 machine. Of course, it wasn't of the quality that Libbyy's was, but in actual fact, it worked. And I built it. , I had a quotes boyfriend at that time who was a boy friend and he was an electronics technician and so he helped me with the electronics. My dad was a mechanic and I needed wheel weights in order to make my , lead box that I could put my geer counter in. And so there we go. And here I am at one of the science fairs and standing next to me is Glint T. Seabborg who was the head of the at atomic energy commission at that time being one of the judges. We were so lucky to have those kinds of contacts and we were just farm kids and so you know I think very lucky then I went to Berkeley and I started my degree with my parents being there and us all working so we could survive but I didn't have to pay for my education. It was free and this fella was one of the graduate students there and I thought he was pretty cool and so we ended up getting hitched and he is Tom Rich who is now the curator of paleontology at the museum Victoria and we've worked on research ever since but we cross paths first at UC Berkeley then we went to the American Museum of Natural History and Colombia and there we were caught up in the plate tectonic revolution which was going on at that time And again I think I keep emphasizing this that we were taken as colleagues. We were not treated as you know minuscule students or something like that. And I think that is really important for people to realize that is the best way to teach to communicate to get on with people. And I remember my childhood we when we were on the farm we had to have workers coming in from Mexico. They were picking grapes. I would go out in the field and pick grapes with them. I learned their language. Some of the words I got in trouble for learning because they weren't exactly the words I thought they were. But we all looked upon each other as equals and we had stories to share and we respected one another and we got on with it. And I was respected as a little kid and they were respected as people that were coming into the country for just for work etc. And I that is something that has stuck in my mind forever and it I just wish it was there in everybody. Here were some of the maps that we were helping develop. We actually were working with the team at Lamont Lab up in north of New York City who were doing the cross the sea the surveys that were going on about earthquakes, about hotspots, about all of this. This was coming in and we were actually engaged with those scientists Sykes and all these people that were working on developing these models which now are just taken pretty much for granted. They those were underdevelopment when we my when Tom my husband and I were students and we were involved in actually helping develop those. One of the things that I when I was in university at Colombia, I was a I was a geologist. I was being trained as a geologist and a paleontologist. But I didn't feel like I knew enough about the modern world other than the farms in California and some of the eastern Appalachian areas etc. And maybe a few of the places in Wyoming and c in the deserts of the central US. And there came an opportunity. And this is another thing I would put out. Just keep your eye out for opportunity. It may be odd. It may be you may get an idea that maybe you're not qualified to do it or you're not going to be allowed. But here again, there was an ad that went out by a group that was working in Costa Rica, which is a Central American country, on having a two-month course down there, and there were only 20 people going to be picked from around the United States. And I was told by many people, you don't have a chance. You just don't have a chance. Well, what happened was I used the term I'm a paleontologist and there was nobody else that applied that was a paleontologist. Most everybody in it were really modern biologists. So I got in and it was really as it said a mind expansion for me to understand the modern world and I ended up publishing a couple of papers with one of my professors on pollination biology and looking at how plants and animals develop co-evolved systems. One of them was fantastic because it was this little hummingbird that kept flying around all over the place and we were trying to figure out what this hummingbird did for a living. And so I was given one project to go and sit by this plant which I sat by for a week before I figured out what was going on. And what would happen is this plant was nice and green. But when it started to bloom, the flower itself turned very the leaves outside the flower started to have get red spots on them. And as those red spots got redder and redder, the little hummingbird would come around and say, "Aha, underneath there is a flower and it's got some it's got some juice in it that I want to get. , and I'll go in there and get some of that