the chat or I don't know if I can find it in the Q&A. So I don't know I'm just trying to I guess I start with my question Patricia. Every time >> you talk about all of these diverse communication that you had from the ch with the child to politicians to do something. It was interesting for me how you come across these gaps like you try to adjust your you know your action in the right time with the right people to do something that it's beneficial for you for a team and for the countries and the community. So what do you think that it make you do you know successful to identify the gap and find the right people or right do you know what is the mystery >> I think one of the things I like to do is when I meet anybody anywhere I just start talking to them and try to find out where they're from what their interests are and those sorts of things and so it builds it builds a some information to know whether are some of the things that I'm interested in they might be interested in and there might be possibilities. I also I watch the news and I see what people are doing and it's sort of like our work in Afghanistan. Right now it's a little bit dicey but in the past what we have done there is we saw that the kids needed some educational materials and we put together and we knew we know that kids really like animals and so we put a thing together called animals of the world for them which had a lot of u a lot of Afghani animals but also animals in different bi biological areas or and there was information in it not just about the animals but about conservation and about working together and all those kinds of things. So, you bring those messages in, but it's I think it's just keeping your eye to the ground about what the opportunities are. >> Watching the news is one of them, but also talking to people that's how I, you know, I decide. >> Yeah. Like for instance the China thing that I talked about that what really set that off was of course many of us scientists were concerned about people that in China and how science was going and so we got a postcard in 1977 from one of the top scientists there a paleontologist and so we could tell there was an opportunity to do something and so that's what we did. You have to look for the opportunities as well as what you decide. I guess now with this current situation in compar with past so we have an opportunity but sometimes we lose the and like the amount the number of connection and networking and the way that you focus your focus is very important your mentor. So you need to find your direction and your vision and try to just you know work with someone who can take you to the point that you would like to achieve. There are some questions in the chat room that I want to share with you. Anthony he's asking from your do you know you as a scientist with the working with the team with the fossils how you are going to transport these fossils from the site to the museum what are the process and also Bony is asking what is your advice for communication in an effective and engaging way. Well, the first one it depends upon where you're working. On the fossils, I mean, sometimes you just take moles of the fossils. I mean, if I if I'm working here in Australia, what we do is we have a team, a volunteer team, and we and we're prospecting constantly and when something is found, I get called in and or one of my representatives gets called in, we decide if we need to take them out and all of them go to museums. We don't we prepare them, we look after them, but they need to go in museums because otherwise they'll be lost. If they're footprints and things like that, we make molds of them. Because if you try to take footprints out, you generally end up destroying the footprints. So you take make a mold and then you make a cast of it. Now the other question was >> the effective communication and engaging and the communication in an effective and engaging way. What is your advice? I think you have to first understand who you're trying to communicate with. If you're trying to communicate with a 5-year-old or you're trying to communicate with a bank boss or you're trying to communicate with a p with a politician, you need to understand something about their background. And one of the ways that I find is just talking to people. , and I mean it's hard if they're really top level people, but you know, talk to a kid like when I used to talk to the guys that were picking grapes in our field. I would we could sort of talk to each other in what I called Spanglish. It was Spanish and English and to find out, you know, , what their background is and what they're interested in. And then you work on trying to, you know, communicate knowing their background. I you can't use the same communication everywhere. All right. >> One humorous way was one of the guys that I worked with in Russia, Andre Avansov, who's really a really good prospector that I work with in Africa and Russia. And he didn't speak a word of English and I didn't speak very much Russian. And so we developed a sign language. We actually know a few words in each other's language. But I think if people trust you, if you make the connection and if they trust you and they know that you have a knowledge and which can then trust. So they are looking for more evidences to make sure that they understand and of course that is the that is how we are going to initiate the connection and the conversation. So there is another question is hi Patricia is the political climate now better or is it harder than it once was as far as going into other countries to explore. So >> I think the most important thing there is to have a colleague in the other country. I don't work in any country unless I have a local colleague. And so, you know, I work in Namibia. I have friends and colleagues there. I work in Saudi Arabia and the same thing. I have colleagues in the Geological Survey. I work in Iran and all of these places. You need a colleague that is a local. I would never go into a country as an independent and do anything. And I always if I do go into those places, I want some benefit for them. I would like them to benefit from that kind of a you know like their museum gets material and I share material from my sites etc. So really it depends on having that local that local connection. It's really important. >> All right. So I guess you talk about the exhibition and the number of the exhibition that run and I believe you're in contact with the museum. So these are the best places that they can communicate our science with the you know with the community. I think what are the process where you want to contribute or help support organizing an exhibition? What are the process? They vary completely. I mean, I just remember, let's take the Russian dinosaur, the great Russian dinosaur exhibition. I went to a meeting in Kyoto in 1992 and I gave a lecture on science communication and I met Alexi Rosenoff who was a director of the pelonological institute over a cup of coffee and he said you really need to go and look at my exhibition that I have up in up in Tokyo. So I went up there and looked at it. It was fantastic exhibition that had not only dinosaurs but a lot of other things. So I came back to Tokyo to Kyoto and had another cup of coffee and said to him, "Can we travel this exhibition in Australia? " And he said, "Well, maybe. " And so five months later, I get a telegram from Russia saying, "Can you be in Russia in May to negotiate a contract? " It was that simple. And one of the reasons it was that simple was because Russia at that time was making the transition from the Russian Federation to the Russian Federation from the USSR and they were really pressed for money. I think that the institute that he was the director