# VIDEO: Curiosity Rules! | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the public communication lecture in the unit and of course this is the event open to all everyone and so we are in a science week and we were thinking it would be great for everyone to have an opportunity to be part of this meeting and this workshop is the a great story that is going to be shared with us and Patricia was in the first lecture when she said that she has an experience about above 70 years to act as a science communicator. So I can you can imagine how great and how valuable it is. And I guess the story of that you know science communication is important because this week as part of the unit we have if you are here from the communication for scientists this week we are going to practice in the tutorial activity to come up with our public speaking topic. So I guess we want to know how and what are the strategies how we are going to grab and you know audience attention how we are going to share our science how we should inspire audience with the science. So I guess I am trying to talk about all of this before Patricia start her presentation because I would like to make sure that we have more attendees joining us. But I think now considering the time I think we can start and the meeting is going to be recorded. So those who joined later or miss this opportunity they can always watch this recording and listen to the recording and Patricia it's all yours. Please introduce yourself and we are here to listen and of course the way that we are going to run this workshop is for Patricia to go and cover this story of public communication and of course we would like to have about 10 15 minutes at the end for your questions. So we are going to collect the question from the chat or if you have an audio we can let you to turn on your audio ask your question and we are here to answer. So thank you very much Patricia. >> Okay well my dinosaur and I welcome you to this talk. , and I just basically would like to give you an idea of how I got into this and how I communicate with people at all sorts of levels about the research that myself and others are doing science which is basically critical thinking. It's it's important to everyone and it gives them a power that otherwise they would lack. So let's go through. I'm going to give you an idea of how I got into it and hopefully it will have lots of offsprings for you to think about. So this is my own personal journey. , I grew up on a farm and I was so lucky to have done that because as I say, life began with grasshoppers. And so I was born in 44 and I the first memories that I have basically is being fascinated with the environment around me on a farm in California. , there was all kinds of things there and I shocked my uncle one time who was a boat builder because he wanted to build me a dollhouse and I thought that was fantastic. So at four he built me a really big dollhouse that you could walk into. It was almost like having a living room. And so he did that and he came over to see how I was going to outfit it. And he was totally and utterly shocked when he looked in because there were no dolls and there were no ovens and there no anything except there were shelves and shelves of bottles with dead insects in them. And what I had been doing was looking at the biodiversity during that time. The other aspect of my life that makes it very interesting to me is that I'm part indigenous. It's Cherokee. It's not an Australian indigenous family, but on the other hand, I do have a lot of indigenous friends here. And that background gave me a different look on history from the history we were getting in schools. And one of the things that has come out of that as I've grown is I work in many different areas. And I basically learn about their history, be it people that have been there the longest or people that have come in later and I build those into stories for kids so that they get the whole ring of history. So, let's just look at some pictures that relate. I mean here is me at about four or five and I'm really interested in dirt and so what I have what I'm doing here is this is where we had gone fishing and I was as fascinated by the sand and the different kinds of sediments that were around there. My parents were farmers. They didn't know anything about this other than how well it grew plants but I was interested in that. And so here are my mom and in the top left, my mom and grandma on one side of the family which is mainly Irish and my grandpa and grandma on the other side on the right hand side and my grandpa was full-blood Cherokee. My grandma was English. It was quite an interesting combination and they had 13 children and my dad who was the oldest was the one who raised most of them. This is the country we grew up in and this is during the winter when we had plowed it up. Now I learned how to drive a tractor very early on. So I actually learned about the mechanics of tractors and of what the best way is to plow fields were. I learned something about the soils and water supplies. All of those things really were useful. In addition to the farm, we were fascinatingly surrounded by biodiversity. That big redwood on the right hand side grew up in the mountains behind where we lived. The big rocks in Euseimde National Park which is in California. I was fascinated with their granit and I was fascinated with their shapes and their composition even as a small child and I didn't have anybody teaching me about geology but later on that fascination was very useful when I went away to university and on the coast there the California coast we had a completely different kind of rock setup it was the remains of an old trench where one continent was going under another and so the rocks were serpentinonites they were not granite They were very different. And I just noticed all this as a kid because we went fishing up in the redwoods in the Sierras. We went hiking in the you know in the area around Euseimde. We went deep sea fishing and clamming over on the coast. I mean we were pretty self-independent with regard to food we grew and food we gathered. We were also on the western part of California there were oil fields. And I remember as a f as a kid four or five years old wondering well what where is this coming from. So the curiosity that my parents and my teachers instilled in me was very important to me learning about a lot of things and also getting to the point where I could ask questions and not feel like I was being stupid and I wasn't treated that way. I was treated as your question is valuable. We'll try to answer it. Will answer it in a way that you can understand. And so that was there. So I got the farm farmer's ideas. I got the honey people's ideas about how their bees got all the honey together that was on our farm. I got my teachers who had a variety of backgrounds. It was just wonderful to be treated as a in a way like a colleague rather than somebody who was missing something. All right. So, I grew up in an absolutely wonderful time because it was a time there was a space race going on between the Russians and the Yankees. , there were there was just we were out of a war. We had some small wars. They weren't small, but in comparison to World War II, they were small. And we had just a lot of opportunities at that time in the 50s and early 60s for getting a free education. I mean, I grew up on a farm. We basically, you know, we weren't big farmers and we didn't have lots of money and neither one of my dad was he had to drop out of school in grade six so he could help his parents raise their kids. My mom wanted to go to university, but she was not offered the