Kyoto and had another cup of coffee and said to him, "Can we travel this exhibition in Australia? " And he said, "Well, maybe. " And so five months later, I get a telegram from Russia saying, "Can you be in Russia in May to negotiate a contract? " It was that simple. And one of the reasons it was that simple was because Russia at that time was making the transition from the Russian Federation to the Russian Federation from the USSR and they were really pressed for money. I think that the institute that he was the director of at that time would have had a very difficult time surviving if we hadn't traveled that. So they're going to be different instances different times. That happened to be and always it's not the money I'm after for me. I have no interest in being a millionaire. I have no interest in money personally. What I want is the money to be used for ex for science education for teaching kids. I'm just not money is not something high on my list. Growing up on a farm was great because we had to live on we really had to live very simply and we exchanged things. For instance, we had rabbits and we gave rabbits to somebody and they gave us some milk. We had trees. We had fruit trees and we had people who came in and brought their bees in to use our fruit trees. It was an exchange environment and that's the kind of background I've got and that's the kind of way I feel about it. I you need to do something you love. You don't need to quite as for me I've never really thought about career. I've never thought about how I'm gonna do it. I want to do something and I want to contribute to the community I live in. >> So Patricia talking about the art of delivery and I guess this is one of the task actually later on in this unit we have and in fact the first workshop along with the STEM infographic is this Thursday at 4:30. So we have a panel discussion with the students leaders and we are going to discuss about sustainability and we are talking about women in STEM and we are talking about what needs you know to be considered how we are going to communicate in future. So you were here to listen to Patricia talking about all of this science communication but things change still the curiosity and the passion the men right mentors acting talking with the people is the fundamental way that you're going to communicate but I think there are something like technology look at this u the meeting that we are running now so we were not able to be in the lecture so that's why we are using this zoomed meeting. So there are some techniques is required. There are some jobs is coming in future that they need to be considered. So, I guess I really encourage everyone to come on our meeting on Thursday 4:30 p. M. So but I guess the question from Natasha is so your do you know your science study about the dinosaurs and the paleontology is the way that you can use of the art to represent your science when it comes to the chemistry or some other aspects of the science especially because now I'm talking about visual data visualization we are talking about stem infog graphic. How do you think that Patricia this art of delivery and this visual files can be considered in the other aspects of the science? >> I think and some of the things I've seen with some of my presenters with chemistry, they actually draw up the structure of some of these of the chemical compounds. And I've seen them done in multicolors for young kids and they love it. I mean sewing showing what the what a molecule of NaCCl looks like. I mean you can use that kind of visualization in that way. I mean it's different and yes we're very lucky that we have things that people recognize but you know looking well look at the picture on the back of the ABC of the virus and how the virus is constantly changing and things like that. Those kinds of pictures you can use that kind of thing to communicate depending upon what you know level you're communicating. So visualization can be used in a different kind of manner but it still can be used. >> Exactly. Again I just want to emphasize following what just Patricia mentioned we have a workshop on Thursday which is going to be followed by the second work which is about Adobe Illustrator. We have some training for you to convert your science. Of course, we are talking about the data. We are talking about the scientific fact that needs to be converted and use of the technology to do you know make it do you know for the data visualization. So we have a workshop for data visualization which is coming. So I am going to share the link for this workshop which is coming on Thursday and the time is 4:30 p. M. So I guess considering the time we have to close this meeting again I really appreciate Patricia for your time. And I hope that everyone enjoy listening to your storytelling science communication. I guess for whatever is your STEM passion or your research if you bring that personality and that kind of storytelling that is success to be engaged and to inspire the audience. So they would like to know more and that is the way that they are going to trust and you have a connection. So thank you very much everyone. I think that is it for today and we are going to stop the recording and yeah I think >> byebye. >> Thank you very much I guess and thank you very much Janet for supporting us with this zoom meeting and for everyone who was here today.