people is that things can change interpretations can change. If you've got the evidence to show that change, then use it and use it wisely and explain it in a way that individual people that you're working with can understand. Okay. So that's gives you an idea of the background that I had. And so on from there, I had the background in plate tectonics. I had the background in what understood. I had the background in modern biology, modern systems in tropical areas of the world etc. And then after having come to Australia that first time, I decided that's where I wanted to be. And fortunately, I was Tom when I came down on a fullbrite and Tom came down without a job. There was a job at the Museum Victoria and it he applied it and he got it. And so for three years we commuted back and forth between the US and Australia and we had long decided that we were going wanted to stay in Australia. So, I decided I'd just give up my job and I take up a part-time job at MES. And that's what I did. I didn't I gave up a full-time very well paid job in Texas and I was head of the science teaching etc. But my feeling was that again my love of understanding what was going on what had gone on in Australia over the last oh at that time only a hundred million years. That was more important than money. It was more important than position and fortunately we had the we had the Tom had a job so at least one of us had a job and then after a while and we were settled and I had a part-time job and Tom had a part-time job we thought well it's time for kids and so that's when we had our two kids over a period of eight years we were very lucky because we could take the kids with us in the field and there wasn't all the paperwork and there wasn't all the things that you have to go through now to do something like that. And I just wish that those kinds of rules could get a little bit more sensible than some of them are these days because our kids absolutely learned so very much from just being in the field from the time they were three months old. I mean, and they were safe and they were they were they had full-time in the dinosaurs of Victoria and that is dinosaur cove down in the arts was one of the places that we spent a fair few years in the 70s and 80s. , this is a little bit difficult. Bringing stuff out of Dinosaur Cove was we finally got a flying fox set up, but dinosaurs along the South Victorian coast are fairly unique. They're polar. , and that claw in the upper leftand corner was the first dinosaur that was ever found in Australia and it was found around Eagle's Nest. We are still working there after 40 plus years. Now, this is just a picture of the kids and us in the field. Lee Allen is our daughter is in the pink and Tim is wrapped up with his head and Lee Ellen's best friend who is now a very high level technician at ME Relle. Was these we had them in the field with us which was fantastic. Underground work at Dinosaur Cove was it was challenging and we managed to do it safely without any incidents and we found this little skeleton of a that little dinosaur there which we named after our daughter Leelinosaura. And also the species name is Amicographica because the friends of the museum Victoria and the National Geographic Society were great supporters of this work and made it possible. So what we found there was basically polar dinosaurs. We've got the greatest biodiversity of polar dinosaurs anywhere on the planet and we're still we're still working it. And not only dinosaurs but also other things. One of them is named after Quantosaurus. And one of the reasons we named Quantosaurus because they helped us with a major expedition exhibition that came to Australia in 93 called the Great Russian Dinosaur Exhibition. And that in itself generated significant funds for research in Russia as well as here in Australia. And those dinosaurs that we found have been honored by a stamp issue that came out also in 93 by Australia Post and the two people who are perpetrators or not perpetrators but honored by the dinosaurs. Lee Ellen when she was little and Leelinosaurus Skull, Tim when he was little and Tomus. But Tomimus' identity has changed from what he's holding in his hand to something that's more like T-Rex. And so it was so wellreceived that Russian dinosaur exhibition we had the cover of Time magazine with our dinosaurs from Australia but also major coverage of the Russian dinosaur exhibition. That exhibition in 93 brought in $500,000 just in its tour around Australia, half of which was shared with the Russians. And it got the Russian Alonological Institute through a very difficult time when things were changing from the Russian Feder to the Russian Federation from the USSR. So there's all kinds of responses out of that area that we had the dinosaurs. We weren't getting much in the way of mammals and so we continued prospecting and over in the area around Invalok we f started finding some of the mammals that lived with the dinosaurs 130 million years ago and this is just some you can see how big this one is. There's one that we've now found that is not as long as a fingernail. So it's about half the size of that one. Those are rather difficult to find and they're we're still finding them. Okay. So my early ed is just a as a comment. My early education that I've talked to you about led me to be able to critically think because people treated me like a colleague. They didn't treat me like a quotes child or a stupid or unintellig being. It doesn't matter what your background is. If you can learn to look at things and think about them, discuss them civily with other people, which was the case of my parents and my kindergarten teacher and my, you know, and my primary and secondary teachers in universities, university professors, all of that was there. And I can only remember one teacher that my daughter had that said something to me that really needed to be corrected. And he said to her, "Oh, she's doing pretty well in mathematics for a girl. " And I looked at him and I said, "What difference does girl or boy make? They're either doing a interesting job in mathematics or they're not. So get over it. " , and so trying to instill a curious mind in anyone it gives you a chance to pursue ideas and to be interested in what you're doing. And you can talk to I at least I can I can talk to anybody. Today I was at the hospital with my husband and there was a man who came in his background was in Kolkata and I started him about dinosaurs and he was fascinated and he understood what I was talking about vegetation people can understand that 5-year-olds can understand it so that's why it's important I think I might go on now for about another five or six minutes and then I'm going to cut it off because I could talk for another 30 minutes but I think I'd rather take some questions. So I'll talk a little bit more a few different ways of communicating science funding and traveling exhibitions international joint ventures with research colleagues and they are a fantastic mode of communication. I have found that you can find people interested particularly in our polar dinosaurs, but I've done work with the Russians. I've done work with the with people all over the world. And as I said in the se in the n early 90s and even in the 80s I was working with colleagues in both China and Russia. And again I just remember the my interaction. We brought an exhibition called dinosaurs from China to Australia and this was my husband working on this as well. Is that it at the time when I made my first contact in China again it was a time when China was just coming out of the dark and we had a postcard that came to us from one of the scientists there saying we're okay and we're looking to try and do some things with colleagues. So I wrote to the prime minister. Now I was just a beginning lecturer at me but I wrote to the prime minister and I said I want