integration. So actually taking into account for these areas before we do things like urban or coastal development. These things actually have to be accounted for before those things can take place. And this has led to 18% of mangroves being officially protected which is above the international average of about 13%. On to the next one. And finally, Indonesia has a very strong national approach. It's actually the most ambitious as it should be, seeing as they have the largest mangrove area in the entire world. So they have the mangrove restoration program which aims to restore 600,000 hectares of mangrove areas and it also has 24 million hectares of marine protected areas. So that's quite a significant amount. One thing that's really been up and coming in Indonesia is technological integration. So there's recently been the introduction of something called the Mong Mani app, which is something that community members can access on their mobile devices and they can essentially report and monitor the health of the mangroves to the relevant authorities really easily from their phones. So that's really helping to improve that community involvement. So there's actually been some really positive trends in slowing mangar loss and there's a really strong focus on all organizations working together to achieve this goal. So what could Malaysia learn from these examples? , so enhanced enforcement and monitoring could be really important in the Malaysian context. , and it's especially strengthening legal frameworks to ensure that corporation and urban developers can't just come in and build over the top of these sites or build in close proximity where they're actually going to do more damage. , and while local communities in Malaysia have a really positive attitude around protecting the mangroves, they're not necessarily getting the resources or the support that they require to make those positive impacts which they might wish to like is done in the Australian context. Integration into coastal management plans would be essential to ensure that urban development has to actually account for these mangroves before they can just go ahead. , working internationally with other organizations would ensure best practice standards in the Malaysian context. And finally, offering economic incentives to individuals and businesses for things like ecoourism and engaging in sustainable practice could really help to incentivize further protection. Going forward, what can we do as students? , we've obviously been really inspired by the students we work with. They do such amazing and really difficult work as well. So raising awareness, engaging in educational campaigns like this one is something really important. Promoting general sustainability, so reducing our plastic use, eating sustainable seafoods is something that can have a really big impact. Engaging in citizen science like we're doing now, taking our information to others. And in the Malaysian context, people here could advocate for policy change by writing to their local members of government. , and in the Australian context, we can support them by signing petitions offered by international organizations. Supporting , conservation organizations through donation or volunteering is helpful. And finally, local actions. So actually going into the mangroves here or in Australia, monitoring the health, getting that real hands-on experience, I think is something we should all experience at least once in our lifetime. , so going forward, our work will be continuing when we get back to Melbourne. We have created an interactive presentation to help engage primary school students and teach them about the really amazing carbon absorption power of mangroves. We really feel as though so many people are aware of, you know, the importance of planting trees and protecting rainforests and mangroves are sort of lesser known maybe especially in our country. So just being able to show this sort of information we feel could have a great impact. And that's it. Thank you so much and I hope you guys >> Yes. >> Thank you K. And yes >> question if any because we do have Yeah, mention there was a lot to it. I feel like it was good to go in with no expectations of u cuz it was like it was humid. It was actually a bit cooler than the city, but it was so humid and just like the mental preparation I don't think was there. But we it was a great experience and yeah, we got through it and we got like you guys helped us like you know you taught us all about like what you're doing. We got to have a look at previous data they've collected. So we could actually see the tree growth and all like the yeah the data points and stuff like that. So just yeah in general great experience is there anything specific anything else I don't know >> good Yeah. Happy There's nothing. Hello. >> Hi. I don't know if someone else is speaking. Is it okay if I ask a question? >> Yes. >> Yeah. >> Okay. First of all, yes. Thank you so much for this amazing presentation and thank you to the students who assisted you in the fieldwork. I have two questions. One is if you could now through your research suggest to Malaysia one immediate thing they could do that maybe some other country has done which could really protect and help with the mangroves. What would you suggest? And my second question is about the impact this visit has had on you. Can you share a little bit about do you think this was a transformative experience and in what way if it was? So well the first question about what other countries could do it's just all about mangrove protection and conservation. So, , when we went out to the mangroves, that wasn't a protected area. It was a it was more of like a public area, I would say. But there are there are a few protected areas in Malaysia. , and that would just help like cultivate and grow the mangroves , and just help them to become like healthier and try and at least keep , what Malaysia has now. Did you want to add anything? >> Yeah. , so yeah, that will like definitely help to keep Yeah. Preserve the mangroves and the ecosystem, which is super important. And for the second question, , oh, it was how this experience has impacted. Is that right? Yeah. , yes. I mean, yeah, as touched on as well, like just an experience like no other. Cat said everyone should experience this once in their lifetime. I agree. , you know, it would have it would have honestly been nice to do like a little bit more, but then maybe I should start studying like science or something. >> We'll see. , no, but super impactful. Like I'll remember this and it's really important to keep in mind when I'm doing further studies and going into like workplaces and things like that. And I think the overall message for this as well is just like about balance and the importance of the ecosystems of the mangroves. So that's really stuck with me and it was great experience with yeah the students. It was just we were so lucky. Yeah, I think we both feel the same. Just like super lucky. , you know, they looked after us. They didn't make us feel like we didn't know anything. They were just so u willing to share everything all of their knowledge. Yeah, it was it was amazing. Yeah, can you hear me? >> Yeah. >> Can you hear me? >> Yeah. >> Oh, awesome. All right. , yeah. Congratulations on your presentation. I think you have done a pretty good job for the limited time you have had. And yes, I would like to commend you that you actually did perfectly well in the mangroves, especially when it's your first time going to the mangro. Well, I'm actually really interested in one you highlighted during the your presentation actually the initiative by the Indonesians setting up a an app or something. Is that what I think cat you did mention something by the app developed by the for the public to report. >> Yeah. >> Conditions or health of the mangroves. >> The audio is bad. I can't hear me. By the way anyway if you can hear me clearly but it be very nice if you can provide us some information about the app which was developed by the nations. I will send you through the details of that ash that app. Thank you doctor. And I also read apparently there's recently been another initiative started in Malaysia very recently where they've started I believe it was called connected mangroves and they've started installing sensors in mangrove areas. So that would save you guys sinking in the mud for at least some of the time. So, , yeah, I'll send you through the details of those. Thank you so much for