# VIDEO: Shaping STEM Futures: Climate Change in Malaysia | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

be very nice if you can provide us some information about the app which was developed by the nations. I will send you through the details of that ash that app. Thank you doctor. And I also read apparently there's recently been another initiative started in Malaysia very recently where they've started I believe it was called connected mangroves and they've started installing sensors in mangrove areas. So that would save you guys sinking in the mud for at least some of the time. So, , yeah, I'll send you through the details of those. Thank you so much for your support through this project. >> All right. Thank you. >> Okay. Now we proceed with group number two. And >> I just want to check. >> Yeah, I'll just double check that everything's updated. >> Yes. Yes. , yeah, that should all be all right. Good afternoon everyone. Thank you all for coming here and listening to what we have to say especially to Dr. Maha. Our project and our research question is how climate change and climate action can be effectively communicated to influence change of behavior and policies. So, I'm Isabelle and I'm studying psychology. This is Ruby. She's studying neuroscience and Wish is studying law. So, we have three different perspectives that we're going to examine the last two weeks on. And we hope you enjoy it. >> That's not our PowerPoint. >> Oh, okay. So one of the key things that we have looked at in this is the importance of science communication in relations to climate change. So a quote I found from Sinclair on this study here about addressing how we talk about climate change is climate change is primarily a problem of human behavior which is something that we have been looking at extensively over the last two weeks. We need to find ways to address this issue that's clear, concise, and that people can engage with and feel that they can make a difference. And sometimes it can feel like what does it matter if I use a plastic straw instead of a paper one when it's this large giant issue. So coming up with not just things that people can do to alter their behavior, but why their behavior should be changed and ways that they can do it that is easy enough for them to implement without too much impact on their daily lives. Yes. All right. So I'm not going to use I need my hands. So last Monday, Beta and myself attended the Sunway Group and European Union partnership event. It was our first interaction with Sunway and we realized there was a lot to learn from them. >> Sorry. This partnership marked a significant milestone as both parties have a profound impact on our society. Their collaboration is rooted in the sustainable development goals particularly number 17 for partnership for the goals. Their intention was to advance a wide range of joint sustainability initiatives which they formalized by signing a letter of intent. While the event did dwell into the Pacific, no, it did not dwell into the Pacific actions that they were going to take, which did raise concerns about potential greenwashing, it did highlight their commitment to sustainability. Nevertheless, we discovered that Sunway group encomp encompasses Sunway University, Sunway College, Sunway Medical Center and much more. Next slide. This dis this discovery led to our connection with Dr. Yap who is a lecturer at Sunway University. During our meeting with him, he enlightened us about Sunway's sustainability efforts. When Sunway was first founded, it was a wasteland, an old mining station, which you can see here, and they've now transformed it into a lagoon where the mining station was. This demonstrates their long-standing commitment to sustainability. , next slide. Upon arriving at the university, we were amazed to see the sustainable development goals all throughout the campus. They had stores promoting sustainability, including primary school children showcasing their efforts by recycling t-shirts into washing bags. We were amazed. You can see here like all the goals. Dr. Yap explained how their actions are all linked back to the sustainable development goals. I spoke with students who informed me that s studying the goals is part of their curriculum. Sunway is a leading force into sustainable efforts from businesses. Some of their initiatives include the 15-minute cities where it's all accessible in there. They've got public transport and canopies where they can walk, so it's all shaded. They've got a white tiger conservation on site, so we got to see white tigers. Solar panels on the vast majority of their buildings. And they're also comprising the private sector civil society and educational institutes to assist in resolving the quality of life issue in desert and which is a community that is lower socioeconomic which has about 30,000 people in it. Sorry. So he invited us to an event where Professor Jeffrey Saxs, president of the sustainable development solutions network and the UN resident coordinator spoke about the upcoming UN summit for the future. The event was insightful and left us feeling very inspired. The United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions headquarters is now based in Sunway City. Sunway's overall aim is to achieve net zero by 2050. We can all see Sunway as a role model for how they're implementing the sustainable development goals in their businesses and institutions. While Wishire attended the Sunway signing event, myself and Izzy were honored to attend a lecture put on by Sir Paul Nurse who won a Nobel laureate in 2001 in physiology or medicine for his work on finding proteins that assist in cell division and replication. And the main question that he wanted to investigate or answer was what is life? What is it that links all of the life forms together? So he used five key concepts as the basis of what is life? He looked at the cell, the gene, life is chemistry, life is information, and evolution by natural selection. And how all of these five concepts link together, such as how the cell is the smallest organism, but each of those organisms are used as a complex system that work together as a whole to form an organism. So based off of this, he looked at how we are all connected to the origins of life in the universe through an unbroken chain of cell divisions. If you trace our history back to the big bang, everything since has been a cell division after cell division of mitosis or meiosis, which means that we are all linked with every other life form. Based off of this, we have an interconnectedness with every other life form and a responsibility to care for them as the only ones that we know of with consciousness and an understanding of what we are doing to our planet. Last Thursday we were invited by Dr. Maha to attend a pitching or how to pitch panel. We were working with the undergraduate biotechnology students to listen to their five-minute pitch about a product that they had designed and manufactured over their semester. We acted as the potential stakeholders and were able to liaz with them and ask questions as if we were investing in their company. This was a really valuable experience for all of us because we none of us come from a marketing or business background. So I think everything that we learned from the students and the doctors was really useful and we'll be able to take it through our through our life. So there was two products. The first product was a herbal tea designed to assist with sleep and a chocolate bar which was designed to reduce cholesterol levels. What we learned from the students and through the feedback from everyone is when you're pitching tone and body language is really important and understanding who you're pitching to and how their behavior and your behavior interact. Secondly, having science to back up your product or business is really important, especially in a biotechnology unit. , ensure when you're delivering a pitch, especially 5 minutes is not enough not much time to get your point across, that each slide you have an active message that your potential stakeholders can see and quickly understand what you're getting at. So this we found linked to the three up here of the sustainability goals. So climate action, partnerships for the goals and decent work and economic growth. Let's slide this in. So during our cultural immersion trips, we're introduced to the Lost Food Project, which is an NGO dedicated to a sustainable future by rescuing lost food and finding a new home with people who need it most. As you can see here, about 1th3 of the food produced in the world is either lost or wasted. And in Malaysia alone, 4,000 tons of edible food is thrown away each day, which is enough to feed 10 million