# VIDEO: Shaping STEM Futures: Climate Change in Malaysia | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

bit upset if you try and take it and take it out. So, they don't really understand sustainability and climate change like perhaps we do. They're coming from a different perspective as though everything's fine in the forest. So I think for one it's understanding for the orient they don't quite understand sustainability and climate change. So it's that's huge. >> It's also that they've got like spiritual base basis for their understanding. So I guess it's kind of like balancing spiritual concerns with I guess scientific research. And obviously they are accessing education. There are some gaps. Some do understand Malay. I think there's only a few though. Like Jan spoke Malay but even like Michelle mentioned sometimes it was a bit hard to understand at times. So yeah, I think unfortunately they're doing the best that they can work with. But yeah, there's still a few gaps fortunately. Do you want to add We've added a terrible element into the ecosystem that shouldn't be there that say if it does achieve UNESCO listing. Typically UNESCO affords like an international audience. People go to UNESCO sites. So we can try and expect that people do the right thing. You know, bring in your rubbish, bring it out. But unless there's that I guess that understanding that the rubbish is bad, it might not possibly inundate the forest with rubbish from. So I guess it's finding the right balance between getting the amount of tourists that they need and getting and the amount of tourists that's too much. So yeah, that's that'll be definitely a challenge for them in the future. Coming up with I guess what the correct amount is there. So currently I do know of Jakoa. That's the department of indigenous peoples I believe it's called. But Jakoa basically assists with determining how the wrongly live. They have a school there. I believe that's also assisted by Jakoa. There is another department. I've can't do you remember the name? Sorry. You mentioned there was a specific department when we were there. No, it was another one, wasn't there? Or because it was Jakoa and was it Parak KD? Yeah. Yeah. So there's both those and basically they assist with providing I guess assistance to the Aangli from the Malaysia government. There has been a few sources that have said that the Aangli actually don't get to consult with Jakawa and that it is typically Malaysian run and not Aangli but that could be because there is a few discrepancies between education and understanding and also from our perspectives it seemed that Aangli are happy with how they are living and it's not exactly something that they're particularly interested in like they are interested in getting their views across but they're also happy living their lives by themselves and how it is currently changing. So I would actually say that Australia has a few viewpoints to actually look towards. We don't have anything like Jakult. I mean we have like department of indigenous affairs back home but I wouldn't say that you know we actually always have the best viewpoints for like our indigenous people. So even like the earlier time periods for recognition it seems pretty much like they do get to be self-reliant for themselves and they also do get to I guess exploit the park how they want to. But yeah, I guess that's just from like my outside perspective that maybe a bit more influence at Chaka would be something that might be of assistance for the but yeah I'm also not sure I'm not so I can't speak on their behalf. Yes, that's it's definitely something that they could benefit from and then it would negate the need for tourism. >> , but unfortunately the world we live in like we see these things on any type of media and people want to go there. So I think it's the lesser of two evils because we're not going to stop people going to the forest and when they do it can empower people who live there and give them autonomy which gives them a real sense of purpose. So if they didn't have the jobs that people would still come and they would be more pushed out. Yes, that's that's also another thing that has been suggested and they get paid a weekly sum for permission to come on their land. That's that is something that I came across and again that's like a government policy. So it's definitely something that the government could consider. >> We could suggest that to them for sure. Yes, >> does own the park. So, I'm not sure if it's the same as Native Title, but from what we could see how it operates, it is similar. They do get to fish in specific areas and things like that. So, their rights aren't completely exploited. There's just some areas that they're not allowed to access that are red zones. , but in fact, I would actually say that they might actually have a few more freedoms. , it doesn't seem like they get moved on. They have been moved on once, but then they've been left largely undisturbed since. , and so even though it's changed to their ideas, it seems like they're also like when we asked them, "Is there any changes you want? " They were very happy. So it was actually quite a different viewpoint to what we've got from back in Australia where it's often not happiness. So it's hard it's hard to assume because we also aren't sure because I mean I'm lacking a bit of the background knowledge for the legal system unfortunately. But from what I could see, I was very surprised to hear that they were very happy because I'm just coming from the Australian perspective of our indigenous people are not quite so happy. I'd say Too many of I felt that they were quite proud as well. So they wanted to welcome people in to say look at look at us. This is this is really good of us doing this stuff. So I think there was definitely that's just my personal opinion. I got a sense that they were quite proud and very happy to have us there so they could show us what they've been doing. And that, you know, the Malaysian government, this is from their perspective, the Malaysian government and the wider community looked down on them a little bit. So, I think that was also an element for them to say, "We're we're the same. We're we're proud. So, please come back. Get more people to come. " >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> And I guess that's where was it ethnosentricism where you put your own perspective over someone else's culture. So perhaps that has an element because we're looking at it from our perspective and they're looking at it from their perspective. But there's obviously overlap and differences between them. So if they're saying please come back because we want you to see us as equals well that's that's great. It's a good benefit but also coming there is contributing to ruining park. So like you said, you need to find a balance. So yeah, >> in actually educating on sustainability themselves as they mentioned that they wanted further modernization and money which were both answers we didn't expect to hear. So yeah, I'm not sure if there's gaps between the support there or what when I guess when too much is enough, but yeah, that was something that they both mentioned that they wanted and we were very confused at first. There are no shops. There is shops. They get shops like money from the actual tourists itself. So like I think I believe we paid when we've stayed at the chalet. And then they do go back to Pal Bendy which is the actual port area and I believe there's shops there but that's still like an hour boat ride from where they're based. Okay. , thanks. I not able to hear the other speakers, so I just waiting to get the signal from Sid to talk. , thank you for the presentation and love the photographs, especially the last one with Sid. You'll have to send that to me because I'll have to send it to the team. And so, yeah, Sid has done an amazing job and I'm glad you put his photograph there. That's really nice. I like the way you also thought about how perhaps some technology could actually be useful and beneficial. I think that's a great way you integrated that into the presentation. One thing I really like that you highlighted is how about UNESCO and sometimes the idea is that oh if UNESCO is taking care of it and then everything is good and everything is fine but you're actually saying you know it can also lead it can also be detrimental