And so, yeah, Sid has done an amazing job and I'm glad you put his photograph there. That's really nice. I like the way you also thought about how perhaps some technology could actually be useful and beneficial. I think that's a great way you integrated that into the presentation. One thing I really like that you highlighted is how about UNESCO and sometimes the idea is that oh if UNESCO is taking care of it and then everything is good and everything is fine but you're actually saying you know it can also lead it can also be detrimental to the people. So I'd like you to talk a little bit more about that and also maybe do you have any ideas of how things can be done differently by international organizations when they deal with indigenous communities. >> so one of my main ideas was actually collaboration with the arangly itself. I think that's the best the best practice. So back in Australia, we have like some of the indigenous have practices where they actually burn the bush land for forest regeneration and aspects like that. As that's I guess ancient knowledge that they've accumulated over 60,000 years. So I guess if we I guess speak to their orangly about specifics of the forest because they will be the most familiar with Royal Bellum I believe that's the best way to go because I think unfortunately otherwise it's an outsers's perspective looking in and being like yes my viewpoint is correct when you don't have like the nuances behind it or the background of how the actual area operates. Did you guys have any Okay, that was that one. >> Okay, thank you. Well, I'm sorry, Michelle, you didn't get the worm, but thank you so much for facilitating this trip. And we'll have to do one more. So, you get your worm. And I also want to know, did you all see the flower? >> We did see a dead one. >> It didn't smell, so that was good. Oh, that was Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. , Johan Al Jan also spoke about the sound they make which was didn't speak. There any other questions? Okay. Okay. Thank you very much for the presentation of things. So with that we conclude the presentation part of their trip and just a little bit of comments. So well done everybody. Two weeks full fully packed especially group three. You just came back and I'm have to prepare all this but I believe that you all have learned a lot and then this presentation kind of like summarize and put things together okay in terms of climate change now you can relate all the different aspects of it and all of it is related to human okay human activity and so on. So the scientist can only do one part but communicate and I heard a lot about implementation. So that's one thing that the action that needs to take place as well. So after I hope that you here in terms of this let's continue and whichever field or that you can contribute. So together we try to reduce the acceleration of climate change. >> Okay. Thank you. With that we end the session formally. So after this we just >> you can this is a couple of if you want to network with each other talk to talk to the industry partners from other field please because you never got a chance to talk to other project leaders so you can just network and we have dinner at 6 p. M. So we leave from the hotel lobby at 5:30 >> meanwhile you can just feel free to >> Yes. >> Yeah. >> great. Sid please tell them great job to everyone and beta also wants us to say she's very proud of every all the students and everybody >> yeah they can hear you want to say something they can hear you >> oh just yeah just that everybody has done an amazing job thank you so much and also beta wants to say that she's very proud of all of you and yeah we are as well thank you and have fun tonight enjoy celebrate >> thank you Thank you. Bye, Anita. >> Bye.