do. Yeah. >> Right. The policies are made in politics there in CRA without understanding what is really happening on the ground and trying to benefit where you know all the things that you attended but then >> is any other questions I don't Thank you very much. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Okay. Now we have What are you doing? Let's just check if it's Bring it back to the house. >> Check it. >> Yeah. What? Back. Okay. Is there anything after? >> Okay. Okay. Sounds good. I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm Same question. Yes. Is it any I love that. Yes. >> Start with names. Do you want to use because you are standing there online they won't able to hear >> hello I'm studying aviation Yes, it's on. >> Yeah. >> Hello everyone. My name is Afternoon everyone. On Monday the 1st of July, we journeyied out to the Royal Bellum rainforest alongside with Dr. Michelle. We took this experience with an open mind to explore the flora and fauna of the royal bellon forest. This was a great opportunity to meet the Aurong Alley people and to understand their way of life within the rainforest. With the help of Dr. Michelle, we were able to ask some questions regarding their impact problems and views on the royal bell forest. , as we each come from different disciplines, we use our own backgrounds to provide a unique perspective on addressing biodiversity, climate change with reference to the 17 goals of sustainable development. >> You speak your comments. >> , so on behalf of Chloe, I'll try and speak on her behalf. We have a look at biodiversity and how the rainforest works as a whole ecosystem. So we can start from the top down the trees they sequester carbon and then they wilt they go down to the ground that decomposes and other animals will continue down on the food chain. On the on the far right there you can see what is elephant poo. Kind of funny, but there's already something growing out of it. So everywhere you look, there is life. There's life absolutely everywhere. And we still don't really understand fully how each organism contributes. So you could take one thing out like this poor little leech here, which some of us wish there was no leeches, but if you did that, you don't know how the whole ecosystem is going to react. So as a whole, it's one full system. , one thing we wanted to find was a worm. From Dr. Michelle's perspective, we didn't find it, but that's one other one other example that we're still trying to learn how these things fit in. , so the rainforest as a whole sequesters and stores terrestrial carbon. Now we heard earlier that the mangroves are very good at sequestering carbon and that goes through the process quite quickly. Where rainforests come into play is the storage. They store mass amounts of carbon. So Royal Bellum on its own stores 185 meg of carbon per hectare. That's 21 million tons which is epic. But this one tree was one of the biggest trees we saw. Example like this would hold up to 60 kg of carbon alone which is epic. And two trees in the rainforest would provide one person with oxygen for the whole year. So the way that the process works is phenomenal. It's so that they regulate the earth's temperature and the weather. So water will come down and it will evaporate and will also create more rain in the rest of the world. And in 2020 they did a study and they measured temperature, rainfall, pressure and humidity since 1991 and they'd all significantly gone increased. And it's having a huge effect on the rainforests as we speak because an increased amount of rain for example will erode a lot of the soils and it will interrupt the decomposing of leaves and such. So it is threatening carbon dioxide absorption and that will obviously slowly but it will degrade the forests and their ability to sequester carbon and we can see that the STG goals of course climate action is huge for this one and life on land through the terrestrial ecosystem. I will be speaking about the history and background of Royal Balance State Park. So currently the park is over 130 million years old which is one of the most ancient rainforests in the world. During British occupancy the area was safe forestry derived of 1909. They typically move frequently such as prior to the protection from the Parak State Parks Corporation and prior to modern times, the Orangley were quite vulnerable and were not heavily protected due to fear due to fear of the region being unsafe. No development occurred for a large period of time as it was deemed a black area between and a state of emergency occurred between 1948 to 1989. This was due to the increased presence of the Malaya communist party which was ensuring oh sorry which was undertaking guerrilla warfare tactics and also encroaching on a settlements during this period. This eventually seized with the Hay accord being assigned in 1989 which eventually allowed for peace in the area. Prior to the insurgency settlements were offered oh sorry I read that the teen dam and the east west highway were developed for economic development and also as a strategy to prevent the Malaya communists from further encroaching towards Malaysia. This period of time actually inadvertently assisted with protecting against protecting against commercialization and exploitation of the natural resources. And yet it also has left gaps in understanding for the scientific community as unfortunately the area was quite unsafe for a large period of time. It's just next slide. Okay. Further history includes that largely protection has occurred from recognition of the sultanate and national heritage listing. Currently this has proi assisted with providing red and yellow zones which prevent activities such as hunting or allows for hunting only specifically for the orangly people. However, some discre discrepancies still exist between arangley interests and Malaysian interests. Next slide. So the context behind that video was Johan Jan speaking about how he missed his prior life before being resettled. Currently they used to live in that space that is now the dam, but now they've been resettled to a new area. That's the next slide. Now I'll be discussing some of the laws that impact the park. So these are the some notable laws. Royal Balum is currently seeking protection from UNESCO which is the next one that I'll also be focusing on. UNESCO offers large conservation protections from exploitation of resources. But I will also be discussing a few limitations which are attached to climate change protection as they're not always humanistic in our viewpoint. Okay. So that's some background of UNESCO. Largely UNESCO is an affiliate of the United Nations. And it is based in France. It does prevent the exploitation of resources and protects areas of significance from intrusive practices. But there are some further considerations which I'll be discussing. So UNESCO removes the human element and can act restrictively. When we discussed with Jahan, he mentioned that he actually was unsure what it would bring when he gets when if UNESCO oh sorry I've forgotten the word UNESCO qualification occurs. He knows that his rights might be infringed but discussion hasn't really occurred. So as a stakeholder Jan is actually not unsure and I assume that would also be correct for the rest of the arangley. And Jan's fears might not actually be too far off. Currently the Orangley are unable to fish or exploits some areas of the park while other areas are around Pacific. However, UNESCO constraints can mean the right to exploit resources can be removed entirely. As is the case, warden occurred in Thailand to the Kang Krachung indigenous community who have been relocated, forced to find new livelihoods as well as deemed as trespassing when attempting to return to their ancestral homes, which is just in the corner there. As an international superpower, UNESCO provides a David versus Goliath possibility for the vulnerable Aangley. Additionally, UNESCO listing assumes an inability to self-governance where the Aangley will be at the mercy of an organization that hails from France. This also assumes the current protections from the Malaysian government are not enough and can raise concerns about autonomy. This may also remove rights afforded to the Orangly such as permissions to hunt. UNESC UNESCO listings can also lead to intense tourist development. Whilst the Iran alley wish for more tourism, this may inadvertently lead to further environmental concerns from outsiders who may not respect the ways of the park, such as the inability to remove resources from the park, which we discovered when we work at the at Royal Bellum. UNESCO also assumes external jurisdictions have greater knowledge and implies a