assumes the current protections from the Malaysian government are not enough and can raise concerns about autonomy. This may also remove rights afforded to the Orangly such as permissions to hunt. UNESC UNESCO listings can also lead to intense tourist development. Whilst the Iran alley wish for more tourism, this may inadvertently lead to further environmental concerns from outsiders who may not respect the ways of the park, such as the inability to remove resources from the park, which we discovered when we work at the at Royal Bellum. UNESCO also assumes external jurisdictions have greater knowledge and implies a colonial view that western countries, the countries with significant influence in the United Nations are superior than the owns own parks management. Arguably, this perspective this perspective is incorrect as the park was is over 130 million years old and has been free of influence for a lot longer than that. And then from the next and then this is like a practical consideration. So from the top of an excerpt from the United N from UNESCO which they state that the authenticity of the park has not been tampered with and that it's currently pristine, undisturbed and protected. , as you can see, it has there are slight disturbances. , it's not as pristine as they claim. So, it almost is as if an outsider is coming in and say, "We will we'll run the path how we want to and you'll be at our mercy. " , I'll be coming from the aviation perspective. , so living in the rainforest, the Orurang Aley people mostly use motorboats to get from place to place, which produces large amounts of carbon dioxide emissions into the atmosphere, accounting for nearly 3% of the world's carbon emissions. The Arang Alley people are hoping to encourage more tourists to come to the rainforest as well. So some alternative sustainable bofuels could greatly reduce the motorboat's harmful impacts on the environment. Biomethanol is a potential option to reduce greenhouse gases. Renewable biomethanol is produced from biomass as such as such forestry, agricultural waste and bioproducts. It can be used on its own or mixed with gasoline as well. The use of biomethanol could greatly result in lower suit formation lower combustion temperatures and will furthermore result in lower carbon emissions. Another issue the Oron asly people mentioned is illegal logging. Although there are rules and regulations to prevent illegal logging, it is seen still seen as an issue today. After speaking with the Orurang Aley people, they are looking to include more modern technologies within their day-to-day lives. Therefore, the use of drones could be a great option for quick and easy surveillance of the forest. Drones can be battery operated or gas operated with flight times of up to eight hours and the ability to fly anywhere from 100 km to 200 km from the operator. Also, when using the autopilot function could also save a lot of time for the Orangly people. They're still able to go about their days as normal whilst the a drone can collect all the necessary footage they will need without any human operation. Drones have many benefits that can be used to survey for logging. As well as monitor tree growth as well as thermal imaging cameras can also be used to locate animals, track people. , yeah, making drones just an easy and sustainable option that the Oruron Oley people could potentially be open to as they are hoping to include more modernday technologies into their practices. So coming back to a psychological perspective tourism is a threat to their ecosystem. But we can also see it is a bit of a solution depending on how we look at it. So there is support for more infrastructure and more tourism. There isn't really a plan for it but as Muchi said some green avenues would be fantastic. So some hydra hydro and solar. But of course with more people there's a bigger carbon footprint. So we kind of need to do some balancing here. One benefit is socioeconomic status for the indigenous people. So more tourism they would benefit them. They would get more jobs, more opportunities and more facilities for themselves as well as tourists. Definitely bolster their economic status which would be fantastic. And we also need to look at sustainable eco tourism which isn't just we'll build a huge hotel and everyone will be happy. It's more looking at does it fit into the landscape? What materials are we using to build it and how can we get people in and take all the rubbish out and lower their footprint. So we can see again with the SDG goals it would be good for economic growth for the local inhabitants and it would give them decent work. Also related is assimilation. So when a majority culture enforces their beliefs onto a minority culture, the minority loses their identity. We did see a little bit of that with the online people. For one, they said that they felt marginalized by the Malay wider community. They sort of felt, you know, we're not as equal. And they really wanted to say, hey, we want all the stuff that you guys have just so we feel like we're on the same plane as you. , so that's what also drove them to want better technology just because they wanted to say, "Hey, we're not these simple people. We're it's just like you. " , so one direction going forward was co-management of the park with government and the Jawai tribe. So currently they do have rangers, they have park managers, they do have very active role in the rainforest which is fantastic. But obviously going forward the more people that go there it really is going to have to step up and we're going to have to well not we but the government is going to have to say you guys are doing a great job. We really want you to have more of a back and roll here. So thinking about the future, we'd really like to see the Orangley people have more input because they've been living there for so long. They know the land. They haven't ruined it like developing countries have. So it would be great to see them continue on with their fantastic work that they've been doing there. And it plays a role with reduced inequalities because like I said, they need to be empowered with protection of the path. And finally like what we noticed was a collaborative exchange of knowledge. So we can give them power. We can give them technology. We can give them jobs which is one thing. It's great. We're also coming back. They've been living in this forest for such a long time and they've done it sustainably. So they haven't ruined the forest. It's not them. It's everybody else coming in. So here like this is a beehive. They hunt for all sorts of stuff. Here this bark has been taken off because it contains a toxin and that's what they use in the blow darts to take down small mammals. And the gentleman on the right there is a fisherman. So these are all sustainable practices and they haven't ruined anything. And I think we can take a page out of their book and use it as a partnership for the STG SG goals. , we could learn and say, look, do we really need to print things on paper like all this sort of stuff? Maybe we can take small steps to say, you know, let's use something different. Let's not print stuff. That's just one example. Like maybe do we need to eat more meat? Could be anything. So I think we can really learn from their way of life. And yeah and we just wanted to finish like Royal Bellum. We can all love it like it loves us because it provides us with air carbon sequestering capabilities and obviously you know who doesn't like a good tree hug. Thank you Okay, I open the floor for questions. >> I think for one, they don't fully understand the sustainability element of it. So, as Charlie mentioned, the things in the forest are sort of sacred to them. So, we brought in plastic bottles and they get a little bit upset if you try and take it and take it out. So, they don't really understand sustainability and climate change like perhaps we do. They're coming from a different perspective as though everything's fine in the forest. So I think for one it's understanding for the orient they don't quite understand sustainability and climate change. So it's that's huge. >> It's also that they've got like spiritual base basis for their understanding. So I guess it's kind of like balancing spiritual concerns with I guess scientific research. And obviously they are accessing education. There are some gaps. Some do