# VIDEO: Shaping STEM Futures: Climate Change in Malaysia | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

have a huge like focus on how it is affecting climate change even just to spread awareness and also remind people of the impact they can make with just being more conscious with food. Yeah so yeah any other questions I guess The last Why? But living I think we can also link that back to how you were saying the importance of mangroves and how every I'm I'm not from a science background so I might use the wrong terminology but everything like has a huge impact on this earth and that's why we need that biodiversity to show that we all are related. Made it connected and related and have a yeah huge impact on yourself. I think there's a question there. >> Yeah. Cool. How does this because I know I pushed you outside your comfort zone. I know it very well. I know there might have been some work. But you did not. You were you were all within the walls and with people. Now I want to ask you because I want what you got back from all your subtitles. How does that all connect? That's my first question. There is an importance in gathering the data and seeing the field and the effect the on and report as the other two groups have done. But there's also an importance in taking that information and bringing it to the general audience. You can't just come up with the results and say, "Okay, mangroves take 10 times more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere than trees and then leave it at that. " You need to then look at, okay, if that's the case, what policies can we take to protect the mangroves and encourage more mangrove planting initiatives as well as planting trees rather than just focusing on rainforests. , and we have been able to experience a lot of those talks and a lot of being able to witness extremely powerful people who I haven't been able to interact with before in my life honestly. Be in the same room as us and all get the same message out of it and feel like there is something that needs to be done and feel like the people who are listening can make the changes that need to occur. >> Yeah. Eventually the minister how do you relate that to what they have done what they are doing they lost food >> okay thank you I think from a psychological perspective we are the ones harming the planet so we need to understand humans and how we behave and how we can change people's behavior in a correct way without infuriating them more or like assisting we need yeah we just need to understand them more and also we need to understand how the policy that we bring in especially in Australia how that impacts people I come from a military background I get policy slammed in my face every day I don't know we never get discussed or like we never have a sit down it's like how's this going to impact you I think having that experience and seeing how important climate change and especially food waste is talking to the people on the ground is so crucial and being able to understand their perspectives, what they think is important because they're the ones that are doing the work. They're the ones that are trying to make it better. And if we trying to change policy and legal frameworks without liazing with them, it's not going to it's not going to be positive. It's just going to be a constant cycle where nothing gets done. But yeah, I didn't attend the minister once, so I'll pass that over to the events we attended which were the first Sunway event and then the United Nations one we went to yesterday. Both people there said that we need to stop just doing all these policies, all these big events and we actually need to take action. , and I think like I am so grateful for what we've done here and attended, but how can we actually get that out to the broader community because the broader community doesn't want to learn about science? They've got no interest. So, how can we get into like their emotions and actually get them to want to take action even if like at one point it was like a trend to have a metal straw? That is a positive impact if that's all it's going to like. You've got to start looking at other avenues because no one wants majority of people don't want to know about science. How can we actually get to them? Yeah. Because I'm unmuted. Yeah. Okay. Sorry, we're not able to hear the questions in the back, so I'm not sure if somebody else is speaking. , first of all, amazing presentation. I really love the way you covered so many different aspects and I also want to thank Dr. Maha for this incredible experience that she gave you all. It's amazing to see the number of different events you attended in such a short time. And I think it's like just hats off to her for making this happen. And also Beta for encouraging this, supporting this, and she's done amazing work. My question is and I think one of you kind of already started answering but I know you said you're from different disciplines. So I'd like to know how this experience has you know sort of given you some insights that you can use in your own disciplines and in your own careers for the future. I >> think we'll probably answer this individually. , so I'm doing a health science and neuroscience-based course. So even though most of it is on the biology of humans, I am still very much in that STEM science field. So for my own career and future, it's been really fascinating to see how technological innovations, scientific innovations are presented and can be used for a greater purpose that we can provide better health care and better support for people and also do it in a sustainable way that contributes to the world, not just the bottom line. And I found that quite fascinating and extremely useful for my career going forward. >> Thank you. So, I study law and I'm definitely not your typical lawyer. Firstly, bad at public speaking. , but I actually did a little extra thing today and I organized to meet up with the High Commissioner of Australia and she advised me, don't go into government for what I want to do. And she said work for a separate organization where you can influence a policy and also challenge it as well and how you can take steps without always following all those regulations to actually take the action cuz you see like I keep referencing the United Nations but they've got all these incredible like draftings and stuff but they have no power to actually enforce because of state sovereignty and all that. So, how can we actually my I'm just like with my future career, I'm going how can I actually make a difference? Not just write the policy but actually implement it. Yeah. Thank you. >> Whatever you Yeah. Oh, definitely. Yes. >> Hi, Anita. I'm studying psychology. So, unfortunately, I'm in the government sector. So, I day in day out see policy being made at the highest level in our government and how it influences the lowest ranks or lowest people. Unfortunately to say and it's sad to watch. It's Australia needs an overhaul of well actually I'm not going to finish that sentence but we need to understand our people better. We need to know what makes people tick. We need to know what act what we what they need on every aspect of life not just climate change. I think this experience has really what was just said. I want to try and somehow make a difference. I'm not sure how that is, but I think it's definitely given me a bit more of a drive to try and make different make a difference outside the government and really talk to the people and see how we can assist our country moving forward. So yeah >> again easy this is this is what we do. Yeah. >> Right. The policies are made in politics there in CRA without understanding what is really happening on the ground and trying to benefit where you know all the things that you attended but then >> is any other questions I don't Thank you very much. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Okay. Now we have What are you doing? Let's just check if it's Bring it back to the house. >> Check it. >> Yeah. What? Back. Okay. Is there anything after? >> Okay. Okay. Sounds good. I'm sorry. Sorry, I'm Same question. Yes.