# VIDEO: Shaping STEM Futures: Climate Change in Malaysia | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

up here of the sustainability goals. So climate action, partnerships for the goals and decent work and economic growth. Let's slide this in. So during our cultural immersion trips, we're introduced to the Lost Food Project, which is an NGO dedicated to a sustainable future by rescuing lost food and finding a new home with people who need it most. As you can see here, about 1th3 of the food produced in the world is either lost or wasted. And in Malaysia alone, 4,000 tons of edible food is thrown away each day, which is enough to feed 10 million people every single day. They as part of our involvement, we rescued bread from local bakeries and gave them to local organizations such as the Peace Education Center and the Seed Foundation. We took part in the unloading and sorting out of the lost vegetables last Wednesday, which later got distributed to local communities. We then gave a presentation to the local school which I'll leave to inform you on. >> So yesterday we were invited by Dr. Maha and the Lurong Java School to deliver a 10 to 15 minute presentation to students about what we've learned over the last two weeks. So we decided to take the lost food project and kind of condense it down very small to deliver a presentation about what is food waste and how we as individuals can assist in reducing food waste and assisting climate change. It was more of an interactive session as the language barrier was quite difficult to speak to the children. Luckily, we had Dr. Maha there to translate for us. But what we found is that most of the students at this school were very well educated and had quite a great grasp of what food waste is and what climate action and climate change is. But more they were kind of lacking what they can do. Especially at the school, we didn't really see any food waste like bins or appropriate recycling bins. So, we thought that a good solution for schools or this school that we saw in Australia there or where I work there's four different bins that you can pop your waste in. There's a recycling bin, a food bin, a paper bin, and a plastic bin. We thought this could be a really good initiative for primary schools and secondary schools to adapt in Malaysia. I don't know if this if they have this at every school, but we didn't see it there. So, that's our potential solution or suggestion for this school and those students. But it was really good to be able to observe the children's behavior and how they interacted with us. And it was an invaluable experience. Another event that we were able to attend was the opening of the National Bioeconomy Showcase. Unfortunately, we won't be able to attend the actual showcase as it is the weekend of the 17th or 18th of July. But at the opening, we were able to see that their aims are of increasing innovation in the biotechnology sphere and making it more accessible and more financially affordable for the everyday person or for students and academics to get involved. So the event wishes to open up to students, entrepreneurs, companies, businesses, people from the public. Anyone who is interested in looking into bioeconomy and its solutions are more than welcome to join. One of the main companies that spoke at the opening was the Alps Life Ethical Sites and their big aim as stated at it was to build a fully integrated bench to bedside biotech platform in Southeast Asia. They want to look at bringing biotechnological solutions to the foot doorsteps of an average everyday Malaysian citizen, providing them with better health care that is more affordable and more effective. So their current research is looking at gene profiling and sequencing mainly for being able to have extremely early identification systems for cancer. Regenerative medicine which can be useful in pulmonary diseases and diabetes and stem cell research and imunotherapy mainly for improvements in cancer treatments once again and even Alzheimer's disease. So all of this is very big and broad. How does it actually contribute to a solution to climate change? , unfortunately there is no nice, neat, cookie cutter solution to climate change. If that were the case, we wouldn't be here. This wouldn't be an issue we'd have to look at. So instead what we have decided to aim on is how can we bring climate change to the everyday person make them aware of the science and what will happen if we don't take action and the ways that we can take action as an individual and even what our individual voice can say for you know the global scale. It's a it affects everyone in every aspect of life and it's something that we need to look at how we can communicate this and that is something that we have been able to learn and experience over the last two weeks looking at how all of these different branches of science and technology and education have been able to bring a more sustainable future to Malaysia. So what are we doing now? >> we all have the privilege to be able to publish an article in the petri dish which is a science communication journal. Which Dr. Maha will be will be working with continuously. This will be a 7 to 800 article a 7 to 800 word article. Ruby and I will be discussing what is life. So we will be summarizing what we learned from Sir John Nurse and Michelle will be discussing the Sunway group. So this will be published in the August edition. So we'll be working on this in the coming weeks once we get back to Australia. We will also be extending our science communication of climate change aims to a primary school in Melbourne, Australia, giving them a more easily accessible presentation about what climate change is, how they can do individual changes to stop it, and even maybe some of the larger level global changes that may need to happen to hit the 2050 net zero goal that's been put out by the UN. We are more so in discussion with public publishing in the conversation in Australia which is a huge media platform in Australia for those not from there and our focus for that will be on the lost food project in Malaysia and comparing it to food banks in Australia as in Australia we've got very different issues as we are a larger country but with less people. So, how can we get the food to communities that are quite remote in time? >> , so yeah, I believe that's everything. Yeah. So, any questions? >> Thank you very much. , yes, once again, go well we still have we've been creating some networks Peter and myself and like all of us and we've got some people to interview with that. So we're yet to interview Daniel who we met earlier at the Lost Food Project and then they've got the summit coming up this September in Sydney for food bank global like the global network. So, we're hoping to get some connections there so we can Yeah, we're still kind of It's very early days for it. But thank you. >> You said the challenges between the different of the two. >> I think what we've discussed as a group is that clearly Australia is massive. So like if you look at the Northern Territory in South Australia, it's not like Malaysia. Like it's not a 20-minute drive to just drop off Woolly's leftovers. Unfortunately, it's rural, it's hot, it's a desert, it's not accessible. So I think we're going to try and aim to try and come up with maybe a not a solution, but like just look at how it could be more accessible for people. We thought of air like royal doctor like royal Australian doctor service and like maybe that's already been explored but that's the angle that we're looking at it. So making it more accessible for the people because the Northern Territory is our most unfort not unfortunate yeah >> yeah sorry >> food waste is affecting climate change. So this article that we'll write will also have a huge like focus on how it is affecting climate change even just to spread awareness and also remind people of the impact they can make with just being more conscious with food. Yeah so yeah any other questions I guess The last Why? But living I think we can also link that back to how you were saying the importance of mangroves and how every I'm I'm not from a science background so I might use the wrong terminology but everything like has a huge impact on this earth and that's why we need that biodiversity to show