Yeah, they can they can use Yeah. >> I like sit next to me. Yes. Yeah. If you can project your voice then you don't you want to use Sure. Ready? >> Hello. , welcome everyone. Pat and I are going to be talking about our experience in the mangroves here in Malaysia. We spent a few days in the mangroves with Dr. Kishnet and students and we're exploring the climate change impacts and policy direction to do with the mangroves. So just like briefly on climate change, we know that it's altered the global temperatures, weather patterns and sea levels due to rising carbon dioxide emissions and other emissions. It disrupts the weather pattern and has like more frequent heat waves and ecosystem changes. For example, the rising sea levels can lead to the destruction of coastal wetlands like mangroves. Thank you. So on this graph here as you can see the past 40 years the carbon emissions in Malaysia have surged. So in 1980 it was 30 million tons and last year it was 320 million tons. In 2021, Malaysia set a goal of 45% carbon reduction to achieve by the year 2030 which aligns with the Paris agreement. By 2019, Malaysia had already reduced their emissions by 33%. , currently Malaysia actually has a quite a low performance, ranking 59th out of 63 countries in the climate change performant index. It relies on oil and gas with subsidies posing challenges to transition to like a low carbon emissions. Their goal is to be carbon neutral by 2050 and steps for Malaysia include halting coal fired power plants and introducing policies which Cat will go into later. And there needs to be a balance between economic growth and environmental leadership. Next please. So this is the carbon absorption power of mangroves. This is a photo of me with a one meter sample of the soil in the mangroves. So the Malaysia the mangroves actually store 60% of their carbon in the soil. So you can't really see from the photo. You're just going to have to believe it was like so the carbon is absorbed in the top of the soil that was like down to here and then the rest is like a lighter clay. And that is like no carbon in the bottom. So compared to inland trees so as I said Malaysia stores the carbon in the soil but the trees usually store it in their leaves and roots. Malaysia's intricate network of roots are also super important with the nutrients in the mud. During high tides sorry the high tides act as a carbon sink and traps the greenhouse gas emission of soil. For a bit of perspective, a lake can absorb8 tons per hectare whereas mangroves can absorb 150 tons per hectare of carbon. So Malaysia actually has the third largest mangrove area as you can see here. Is quite significant and they have a huge responsibility to protect and conserve the mangroves. Every year in Asia 1. 5% of mangroves are being lost and if we convert that to 40 years time that's 60% of the mangroves being lost and destroyed. This is a distribution of the mangrove fault lives. So Malaysia's there and that's Indonesia and Brazil. So why does this matter? Mangrove mangroves serve as a frontline defense against climate change with a complex root system stabilizing coastlines carbon and providing a habitat for marine life and ecosystems. So these are some of the threats to Malaysians rainbows. Obviously climate change rising sea levels as I kind of discussed. So the water actually comes up and erodess some of the clay soil that the mangroves grow in. So it's actually kind of like eroding that area. In terms of like infrastructure that's quite near like the coastlines will contribute to the threats. Yeah coastal erosion and human activity as well. We saw a bit of rubbish and sometimes like illegal logging and over fishing things like that. What also leads to mangroves destruction is wild storms. Actually leads to like a lot of the trees falling cuz they can't quite I guess they're just slightly different to normal trees. They don't like they just fall easier. , and non-native species as well can disrup disrupt the mangrove ecosystem balance. Okay, so here's a few photos from our experience. , we were really lucky to have the opportunity to explore and immerse ourselves in the mangroves. We were guided by Dr. Kishnet and his team of PhD students and they shared their knowledge and passion with us about the qualities of the mangroves ecosystems and their importance. Our field work involved getting stuck into data collection and observation. It was definitely eye opening into the hard work of the students that then when they go and do this once every month. We documented root systems, took soil samples and measured the trunks to assess the tree health. So that's federal cat and I measuring the tree trunks. And it was definitely difficult to walk through the mangroves despite calculating the tides to try and avoid the too much water. So we've developed a deep appreciation for the mangroves as you can see and efforts dedicated to their conservation despite challenges. We had really valuable experience and it's just fostered a stronger connection with nature and the coastlines of Malaysia. And we'll pass over to cat now. >> thank you Yas. Do I might put this down but I have a really loud voice so anyone okay hello everyone I'm going to be speaking to you if you want to go to the next slide >> about Malaysian mangrove protection so we focused on a few research questions namely what policies does Malaysia currently have in place to protect their mangroves what are other nations doing to protect their mangrove areas and what could we learn from these international comparisons. Next, so looking at the Malaysian example, Malaysia has made many strides in the past couple of decades in stepping up measures to protect their mirrors. So there's been a range of designated protected areas including Sungai Pulai and the Cuch Chang wetlands. , also in 1994, Malaysia became a signatory to the Ramsar convention and since signing this convention, there have been 164,000 sorry, 134,000 hectares of designated protection sites, especially from things like so despite these efforts, 50% of mangrove cover has been lost in the past 10 years. According to the climate change protection council. So looking to other places in the world what are other nations doing to protect their mangroves? So first looking at Thailand if you want to go to the next. Yeah. No back. Sorry back. Yeah. That's all right. So Thailand has a very comprehensive national policy towards conservation and rehabilitation of its mangroves and I think one of the really strong elements of the tire protection mechanisms is its community involvement. So there's actually been a real big uptake in community participation which has been well supported by government and non-government organizations. , Thailand has also strengthened its legal frameworks regarding these areas and it actually has 34% of mean growth under some type of protection. , which is quite a high number in comparison to other countries. , so this has been really significant in helping to restore these areas and meet some of those goals of protecting coastal and biodiversity. So looking now to Tonga. Tonga has recently really been working on revising and updating its legislation. So it's really worked on making laws that balance its need to develop and its need for ecological protection. So really taking both into account. And again like Thailand, there has been a lot of community-based development projects and non-government organizations and a lot of international organizations have a big role in supporting Tonga in these efforts and I think that's why they've been so powerful in increasing awareness and restoration projects. Onto the next one. So looking to Australia, Australia has a very comprehensive approach towards mangrove protection. It has an extensive group of conservation areas and it has a very strong scientific approach towards marine protection. So it's obviously very well resourced and funded which allows you know significant investment into things like monitoring. And this has actually had really good results for the country. So there's a really strong aim at integration. So actually taking into account for these areas before we do things like urban or coastal development. These things actually have to be accounted for before those things can take place. And this has led to 18% of mangroves being officially protected which is above the international average of about 13%. On to the next one. And finally, Indonesia has a very strong national approach. It's actually the most ambitious as it should be, seeing as they have the largest mangrove area in the entire world. So they have the mangrove restoration program which aims to restore 600,000 hectares