about going to the movies. Either you're trying to convince her or him to go to the new Marvel movie or they're trying to convince you to go to a romantic comedy or whatever. It's sell or be sold. All of these interactions, it's sell or be sold. You go to the shops and you try and buy a type of bread, the companies are trying to convince you which type of bread to buy. They're trying to sell you something. When you're talking to someone, you're trying to sell them your idea, regardless of how basic it is, regardless of if you're talking to your friends about going to that this restaurant or that restaurant or going to this movie or that movie or whatever it is, trying to convince your friends to take the taxi or take a train or whatever. Every single interaction boils down to this. Even though it's not in a in a formal way that everyone defines sales at, it's still reality. You're you're practicing this day in day out. It's it's it's something that you do all the time and it's super important whenever you're building an idea, whenever you're trying to pitch something, you need to know how to sell. You if you if you don't know how to sell, you need to learn how to. And when I say you don't know how to sell is it's an understatement because everyone knows how to sell. You've been doing it all of your life. You just need to put it in a structured way about your business and focused on your idea and your topic. It's super important. You know it's and look I'll just go to the next slide. I don't I don't even know how much time there is. Oh sorry about that. I'll try it again. There we go. We have about so the time is we have about 20 minutes a mic 20 minutes >> and we might have some questions from the audience. >> I'll try and finish it a bit quicker then. >> No, don't worry. I guess we are listening to you sharing your experience. That's valuable. Thank you. >> No problem. No problem. So I'll just move on. I'll get back to that point in a bit. How do you pitch your business? And this comes down to actually doing it and I guess putting it into practice. And the most important thing is and you need to be brutally honest. Brutally honest. We'll take this exact situation that you're in right now. The fact that you need to do a presentation for VA in this particular class. You need to be brutal brut brutally honest and realize what the person that is evaluating you on or assessing you on is after. What are they after? What is he or she after? In this case, what is beta after? Right? You saw that she wanted I think in the structural from memory in that PDF that you presented to the students, you had content clarity and delivery, right? She gave you exactly the structure that she's after. You need to be brutally honest with yourself. Is she after, you know, an idea that will actually work? And is she after the finances? Is she after, you know, the granular the small crossing the dots, the te's and the eyes and so on. No, she's after that exact structure, right? And I'm not trying to say this as a as a bad way for Beta, but she doesn't really care about the finances. If the finances stack up or if you know, like you need to be brutally honest to yourself. What matters to them? What matters to the person, what matters to your audience, what matters to the to the people that you're presenting. If she says that these three things matter to her, content, clarity, and delivery, you focus on those three things and nothing else. Like it's just that's whatever she gave you as a structure. That's what matters for this particular assessment, right? And that's it. Don't focus on nothing else. Don't get emotionally involved and try to, you know, you need to be brutally honest when it comes to this kind of stuff. Right? Focus on what your audience wants. Know your audience. And I'll give you an example here. , everyone knows Nelson Mandela. Nelson Mandela is wherever you go in the world, Nelson Mandela is regarded as one of the greatest leaders of all times, right? And he was asked in one of his presentations, he was asked, "What got you to be such a good leader? What got you to be such a good role model and such an inspiration to basically everyone in the world regardless of the corner of the world that you come from? And he said a few things, but one of them that really stayed with me and I like engraved in my brain, he said when he was a kid, he used to go to tribal meetings. His dad was a chieftain in his local community and he used to go with his dad to these gatherings, these chieftain meetings, these leader meetings in the region. And he said two things. He said one, they would always sit in a circle. They would always try to make it equal regardless of if one of them was a small boss, the other one was a big leader, small leader, doesn't matter. If it was just a guy in the village, if he was present, they would all sit in a circle. They were all equal. That's thing number one. Thing number two, he would always be the last one to speak. It is so important. Let me give you an example. You go out into a room and you say, "Well, this is the problem. This is what I think. This is what I think we should do. What do you guys think? " If you go into a room like that and you pitch a problem and you pitch the your idea and how things should be done, then you will influence everyone else in that room. You will influence. If someone had an amazing idea, they might not say it because they think it's silly or they might not say it because they think, "Oh, his idea is better. Oh, it's easier to just go along with his take on it. " Practice being the last one to speak. Whenever you have a problem, whenever you're dealing in a team, whenever you're working in a team environment, try to let the other speak and be the last one. It's so hard yet it is so important. Practice being the last one to speak. You will get so much more value out of it. You'll you'll people will get so much more courage in sharing their ideas if you don't come in as an authority figure and try to impose your view of it. Let them speak. Let them share their thoughts and I guarantee you that you'll you'll learn so many things out of this. It's it's it's mindboggling. H how do you pitch your idea? Well, practice. You really need to take the time to practice. You need to rehearse. You need to look in the mirror and pitch it out, I don't know, a hundred times, a million times, depending on how important is it is to you and how critical it is to you. You'll you'll go over it in your head time and time and time and time again. You'll try and practice it. You'll try and present it as if you were in front of your audience. And doing that will get you one step closer. It will get you a million steps closer, right? It's it's you need to apply that throughout your life with basically everything that you do, right? From the smallest thing to the to the biggest thing, you need to practice those things. And the more you repeat them, the more engraved they are in your brain. And I'll give you an example. The simple fact that you'd be, let's say, the simple fact that you'd be brushing your teeth once a day, once a year, it won't make a difference to your teeth. Your tooth, your teeth will still fall off because you eat everything and anything. And the food is so acid these days. But if you do it constantly and regularly every single day, you're brushing your teeth and you're being diligent about it, then that will make a difference. It's the same thing in business. The same thing with pitching your idea. The simple fact that you went over it once before your presentation, it doesn't mean that you'll know how to do it. It doesn't mean that you'll you'll do the best version of it that you can. You won't. You'll need to repeat it