it's a whatever. Just here's a pamphlet. Give it to the businesses in your local council. Whatever. Think of it doesn't matter how many people say no to you. It's a numbers game, right? I've had we've had and I'll give you a clear example. We've had a business that we started here and it's not doing anything fancy. We took the knowledge that we had in real estate and renovations in Australia and we applied it in Spain where they're by the way horrible. We you go into a house and you see a house with the room is green, the bathroom is purple, the you know they have flowers on the sheets, they have flowers on the walls, they have clutter, they have whatever. We took the concepts that we use in Australia where everything needs to be white and clear and as decluttered as possible and you do staging and you make things look nice and you put, you know, flowers and whatever. You make it look simple and pretty and whatever and you implement it here and that's it. That's the only thing we do. We went and we pitched to I don't know my partner I think went to about I would dare say 500 600 people that he pitched it to and one person said yes and they invested 6 million euros with us right we only needed the capital for them to buy the property we didn't want to put the capital ourselves because it's capital that means it gets locked in and whatever right so we always try to do it with someone else's money we always try to do that Right. Unless it's like a really massive thing. Yes. Sorry. Be >> thank you so much. I guess this is a very interesting conversation. I didn't want to stop because I just concerned about your time and you told us that time is and everyone knows that the time is the gold tier. So I just want to appreciate your valuable time. I guess this was a good do you know do you know how we can reflect on why we are doing what we are doing and of course we just you know investigate more and find out more about who of course is interested in the STEM idea and I guess for this design for change I'm hoping the students they work together help each other support each other maybe that is a design that in you know in future it can be an a startup if you're good at it if you think that this is something that you're passionate about it and the community and people they can use of your idea it would be great to share with everyone. So again this is the design for change and this is the workshop which we try to cover how we create the video inspiring video how we come up with pitching our design solution. So in the next workshop we are going live showcasing the 4minut video. We are hoping that you just go one step further and record four minute of your design and submit it to my email address baffrons. Edu.