# VIDEO: Workshop 3  Pitching a Business (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

stage of creating the prototype and then we are doing proof of concept concepts and making something a bit more high-tech machines. We have competitors in the market already. But the thing is it's not become it's not like that much massive few restaurants few universities are using this type of machines. Even we here at we get couple of machines and we tested and we know that machine is not working properly making compost and then based on this all of this research and created this new one and just thinking in the way how to pitch to investors how to create this demand and then thinking if we are going to get some buyers in the in the future that's like making me a bit worried so going into this unknown war unknown topic so I don't know if you can give me some advice and some comments in that regard. >> Yeah, sure. So, first thing is that I personally think everything that has to do with sustainability and ecofriendliness is the future is the way to go in the future. So if you have an idea that's focused around that, I pretty much say 99 to 99% of these ideas that are going in that direction, I say you should I strongly say you should follow it and you should try and see it through regardless of how hard it is. If it was easy, everyone would do it. That's that's for sure. Right? So from that point of view of does your idea have merit? Does your idea have demand in the market and all that? Yes, it does. And yes, it will have even more demand. The stuff that I'm seeing, I'm right now in Spain. The stuff that I'm seeing that I've seen in the last six months traveling is that after this pandemic and I've traveled a lot even before the pandemic, but the world has changed so much. All of us all of a sudden you start seeing so much more recycling being done all around the world. Like these guys, I'm in Marba right now. They've implemented a new system for recycling around their cities and they instead of two bins they have four bins and that's all with co the whole COVID push and the whole like it's it's a massive push and shift of mentality in the world focused on climate change and eco-friendly solutions. I see money being thrown from VC companies left, right, and center on ideas that haven't even put one line of code into them or products that don't even have one screw on them, right? And they're pushing so much money in the US and Australia. Australia is a bit slower than the US and the rest of the world to be honest in terms of implementing stuff like this, but they still do it. But if you look at US and Canada and Europe and whatever, they're pushing so much money from the government and private sector side that as long as you have a semi-working model of something, you can go and you pitch it to them and it's almost certain that you'll get funding or you'll get enough attention that someone will come up with a bit of funding for you. And that's all you need, right? As I said before, focus you can do anything as long as you realize that you can't do everything. Focus on the stuff that you're good at and the stuff that you're not good at, try and get someone to help you out with it. Right? You need money. You need someone who can sell your idea and pitch it and take it to the next level. Get someone on your team who can do that. Right? Give someone 5% of your company or I don't really like to give percentages in my company, but let's say do that or give them 5% of the profits in the future or whatever, right? And just get someone to take care of that side of the business for you. So, from the aspect of is it worth it? Yes, it is. From the aspect of how do you try and pitch it and so on. Go online, search how the this exact same question that he asked me. How do I pitch a whatever eco-friendly idea? Who do I pitch it to? Who are the companies that would be interested? Search it on Google, search it on YouTube. You'll find so many like massive companies that are willing to invest so much money and focus on the product itself. You mentioned that you know their competitors and whatever they're not really their products are not really that good. That is amazing. That is that is the stuff that you want to hear, right? Two things that I always try to focus on when it's a physical product. Two things that I always try to focus on is the product quality needs to be or the difference in between my product and the other product needs to be a zillion times better, right? Be it design difference, be it functionality difference, be it visual or whatever it is, cost difference in I need to have in one of these areas either cost or design or functionality, I need to have like a million miles advantage compared to my competitors. As long as I have that, as long as my product has that, then it will be a super easy sell. If I'm just a bit different or just a bit better than the other products, then it will be super hard to penetrate the market. So, you really need to focus on making sure that your product if physical product and based on your particular example, you need to make sure that there is an area where you absolutely obliterate your competition, right? Where there's absolutely no shred of doubt that your product is a million times better, right? And then the getting money side of things and all of that. I told you get someone who knows how to do that. Get someone who can help you out with that. Go pitch to Yes, you'll go pitch to one VC company and they'll say no. It's not like that. It's a numbers game. You need to go pitch to a 100 VC companies in one of them. Maybe you're lucky that the 100 company will say yes. And if you're not, it doesn't mean that your idea sucks. It just means that you haven't pitched enough, right? You need to pitch to so many people and try and find out your audience. It's just Yeah, that's that's what it is about. I hope that answered your question. >> Sure. Yes. Just one question more in terms of finding these investors to do this many pitchings. How can find it because sometimes when like for example participating in this pre-acelerator or accelerator programs at universities and they can connect you the investors but the other way where can we find investors who are interested in my project? >> Google and LinkedIn. VC companies, man. I tell you, this is what I do. This is what I do. And I get companies that do I don't have a secret sauce, right? It's not like I have, you know, an extra brain or I have a super high IQ. No, I just don't have the fear that I'll go and try and talk to someone and that person will say no to me. I don't care. It doesn't really matter to me. It doesn't even register on my radar that they said no. You know, for me, I'll just try and get whatever learnings and whatever I can get out of it and then I'll move on to the next and I'll have the same enthusiasm and the same the same will about it and motivation about it as I had with the person before. Go on LinkedIn, go search, you know, go search CEO level execs in companies that you think might produce this or you think might build this. You know, go on Google and search companies that build whatever recycling. Go to city councils and pitch this idea to them, right? Look, I have this thing. You don't need to sell it, you know, but it's a whatever. Just here's a pamphlet. Give it to the businesses in your local council. Whatever. Think of it doesn't matter how many people say no to you. It's a numbers game, right? I've had we've had and I'll give you a clear example. We've had a business that we started here and it's not doing anything fancy. We took the knowledge that we had in real estate and renovations in Australia and we applied it in Spain where they're by the way horrible. We you go into a house and you see a house with the room is