# VIDEO: Workshop 3  Pitching a Business (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

find the whatever. If your idea is about selling pencils, you can go and you find the whatever 100 people, a thousand people on LinkedIn that are selling pencils or in pencil factories or whatever and you can sell to them. You can pitch your idea to them and get financing from them. You can definitely do that. Biology, whatever. Certain chemicals that are trying to develop that will whatever improve they have a problem with the pool and for keeping the pool clean for algae and whatever you can come up with those idea and go to the people that you generally matters to them you can do that but you need to put it in practice and what I've learned from my own experience is that there's no right way of building a company or building a business or pitching an idea but what I found is a thousand ways of how not to do it right so when I try and build my next my next product or my next business or my next whatever, I know a thousand things that I should not do, right? Because those are mistakes that might be capital mistakes and it'll just end it all or they might be mistakes that might slow me down, right? So, it's it's super important. It's super important to just go and try even if you fail. It doesn't matter that you fail. You've actually learned so much out of it that it's shocking. As long as it's not a capital failure where you lose all of your money and you go bankrupt or whatever, you lose your house or whatever, you lose your job, then that's not, you know, it's something that you should definitely try and you should definitely try and focus on. So, going on to the next thing, is there demand for your product? How do you create demand for your product or service? Always ask those questions before you start building it and try to be as honest about it as you can. If you're pitching an idea, go to if you have competitors whatever you can go to the five 10 people friends that you have that would be willing to listen to it and listen to their genuine opinion. Don't tell them which one is the right your idea. Try and have, you know, the three products that are in your category that do the same thing or the three whatever services, the three companies that offer the same thing or similar thing to you. Go to your friends, tell them about these three products, three categories, three business ideas. Don't tell them which one is yours and see which one they like. And that way you'll get a an honest answer out of them and you'll see, okay, well my idea isn't as good as I thought it was or my product isn't as good as I thought it was because I went and told it to 10 guys to 10 friends and I didn't tell them which one it was and they all picked the competitor product because it's a better product because of this because of that. You don't need money to try and figure out if it's worth it. You can just pitch it. Post it on a forum. Post it somewhere, right? Post all of these and see what people that don't care about you and don't want to hurt your feelings care say if those people that generally don't don't care about how you feel and try to make you feel comfortable and whatever the internet trolls come back and tell you oh this is a great idea if that person tells you it's a great idea and they don't have anything to gain and they don't want to hurt your feelings your feelings don't matter to them then you know that it's a good idea so how do you know if there's demand how do you how can you create demand you just trying to throw it out in the ether and see what sticks. But if you don't do it and you just stay with it in your head, then you won't really find out anything. And then again the last thing is why would anyone buy your service or product? Same thing. You need what do you what are you offering to them? What are you giving to them? Really focus on that. It's I generally don't think that anything else matters. You need to know your audience. And when you're when you're pitching an idea, when you're pitching a product or a service, you need to find out what matters to them, what really relates to them. And you need to see what value you're you're bringing to them to the table with all of it. And I'll stop here because I ranted quite a bit on these things. And I think I went left, right, and center with it. I apologize about that beta. If I didn't follow the exact structure. But I felt like those things, especially at the beginning with your why and why you're doing it and what you should be doing and so on, it needs to be about you and it needs to matter to you. So, sorry about that beat up. >> Oh, good. We are listening. If I went around it >> and you actually provided a good example and I keep start thinking about because like we might have some idea and some and but I guess it's very important to know that from where we should start and how this is going to you know I know that it's why I'm going to do it but it's important to know how I'm going to do it. So I guess Alex has a question. So >> sorry before your question Alex beta how are you going to do it? You don't know like it's it's there's people will tell you how to do certain things and the way you should be doing it. But the reality is that until you actually do it and you either fail at it or succeed at it. You won't know. You'll try something. You'll do your research. You'll go online. You'll find out a bunch of things that really matter. I can't even squeeze in the content. You can go online and get so much free stuff on YouTube, right? And it's super it's super valuable. You have the world knowledge at your fingertips, right? How do I pitch an idea? You go on YouTube, you go through a thousand videos of thousand hours of content and that's how you'll know. That's how you'll build your own style. You don't need to follow a structure, a framework or a certain thing that someone did if it doesn't fit your style, right? But there's so many there's so much content out online where you can pick and choose certain things and then do your own thing. Do your own approach. And yes, it might fail. So what you need to think what's the alternative? And the alternative is you won't try it. You won't do it. And you'll end up being 60, 80, 70, whatever years old and you'll regret the rest of your life for not even trying it. >> And that is that is the thing that scares me the most. That is the thing that scares me the most. Fact that I have an idea, I have a vision, I have a goal, I have a passion, but I don't do it because I'm afraid that it will fail. >> The alternative is you don't do it and in 10 years I guarantee you'll regret it for the rest of your life >> is the honest truth. Sorry about that, Alex. Go on. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, thank you. Yeah so I think u my question going into more into this unknown so you know we are trying to go into some creating some startups some ideas going into the prototyping but at the end we don't know if we are going to achieve that goal what we are looking for and just going to give you some summary about my project so I'm working in developing some bioreactor like composters to process organic waste. I'm right now in the stage of creating the prototype and then we are doing proof of concept concepts and making something a bit more high-tech machines. We have competitors in the market already. But the thing is it's not become it's not like that much massive few restaurants few universities are using this type of machines. Even we here at we get couple of machines and we tested and we know that machine is not working properly making compost and then based on this all of this research and created this new one and just thinking in the way how to pitch to investors