Woolworth stores and he bought all of their diapers until the point where Costco just went, "Oh my god, this guy is just killing our business. All of our customers come to us and we can't buy diapers. " So eventually he got them to get in touch with Johnson and Johnson and Johnson and Johnson sold him diapers directly. Anyway, again, he sold his business for $200 million. This guy went over from there to build a bunch of other multi-million dollar companies. He's donating to charity millions of dollars a year and so on. This seems like the totally different universe and a totally different like lifestyle in person and whatever, but a guy called Simon Synynic met with Mark a few years back and they just started chatting. And Mark says, "Look, I'm actually pretty depressed. I don't really feel well. I'm not too happy with what I've achieved in life and so on. And Simon goes, "Well, what why is that? I mean, look at you. You've built you have a $200 million business. You have, you know, donating to charity. Your family is healthy. Everyone's happy and so on. " And he said, "Well, I just realized that compared to my college roommate, I haven't done much. " And someone said, "Well, who's your college roommate? " and he said, "Well, it's Elon Musk. " So, always try to compare to yourself. That's my point when I go to the solar show. Always try to compare to yourself. Always try to be better than yourself. Don't try to please other people. Don't try to do things because other people are doing it or because other people are trying to convince you to do it and so on. Focus on yourself and make sure that you do what you do because you want to do it. It's super important. , when you go into business, when you build an idea, when you build an app, when you build a service, when you build a product, a physical product, whatever it may be, you want to make sure that you do it for the right reasons for you. It will always pay back. It will always come back to you and it will always be paid back tenfold to you if you do it for the right reasons for you, right? Yes. Of course, it also helps if you do it for the right like moral reasons and so on. That definitely helps, but they need to be the right reasons for you, right? And again, I'll I'll go to a quick story. , guy called Bob Chapman. , probably not a lot of you have heard about him. He runs this big steel company in the US. And when the when the 2007 GFC hit and everyone had big problems and all that and they had to do massive layoffs and they had to fire a lot of people and just try and figure out how the business would survive and so on. The board of directors went to Bob Chapman who was the CEO and managing director of the steel company and they said well we need to fire 30% of the people in the company because otherwise we wouldn't survive. So Bob being the guy that he is and I recommend I encourage you to try and read his book and to try and find out more about him. He's just an amazing person. He thought well this is not who I am. This is not what I want this to be about and I generally don't don't want to do it. So after weeks of struggling and sleepless nights and trying to figure out what to do, Bob came up with an idea. He it's actually something implemented many years ago. It's called the Furlow program. So what the furlow program does is and what he actually did was so he went to the board of directors. These guys agreed to the furlow program and then he went to pitch it to the people and it's all about the way he pitched it. It's all about him knowing his audience and him understanding how to pitch his idea. Think about it. Everyone was potentially looking at losing 30% of their colleagues. Everyone from the lowest level to the highest level. No discrimination when it comes down to the company surviving. When it comes down to survival companies will do absolutely anything to survive right so presenting it's it's really important furlow program he went to these guys and said look I genuinely don't believe in headc count he believes in heart count he knew the people that were working there he knew their families he knew their lives he knew all of this so he wanted to appeal to that so he went in front of all of his employees. And he said this, I believe he had over 5,000 employees. So, it's a massive headcount. Imagine laying off even 1,000 people. It's just like they would go home and not be able to provide for their families in one of the worst times of their lives. So, he went in front of his company and he said, "Look, rather than a few of us suffering a lot, I would prefer that all of us suffer a bit. " So, he implemented the furlow program. The furlow program means everyone in the company from the lowest level to the highest level needs to take four weeks of yeah four weeks of unpaid leave throughout the year. It doesn't matter when you take it how you take it. You need to take four weeks of unpaid leave throughout the year. And what he did was he went a step even further. So he said if you can afford it but your colleague can't, you can swap. So something amazing happened. People that could afford it more because they were in a more stable financial relationship, they would trade with people that could afford it less because they had mortgages because they had families because they had people they needed to take care of, right? So all of a sudden you get people that would get eight weeks of unpaid leave and people that wouldn't get any days of unpaid leave. And that way they survived and they thrived through the GFC. And as soon as the GFC ended and business started ramping up again, he was the only company that had all of the employees and all of the workshops and everything already set up and running and he just went full steam ahead. He gained like 80% market share just out of the sheer fact that he was already positioned there and he already took care of his team. Imagine the chemistry and the bond that created in between the employees and the company. Those guys would go on to everyone and anyone. Imagine the talent that he drew to the company by the simple fact that people knew that they were being taken care of. So he did it for the right reasons. He did it for the right reasons for himself, but he also did it for the right reasons morally. So it genuinely matters this thing and it's at such a big level that you can't really relate. But if you take the time to study it and understand it and understand the principles behind it and why these things matter, it will help you even at a micro scale. Even at that when you don't have any money in your pocket, you don't have enough money to even cross the street and you're trying to figure out how to put up your business and how to start even making $1 of profit. You need to do it for the right reasons. You need to know your why and you need to make sure that it's your why and it's not someone else's why. I stress about this so much because it is incredibly important. Incredibly important. And this I guess ties into a lot of people thinking that their why is the money. A lot of people do it because they want the lifestyle. They want to, you know, buy an iPhone. They want to buy the latest version of a Mac. They want to go on an expensive holiday. They want to, I don't know, buy a car, buy a Porsche, buy whatever. But I'll tell you what, the quickest way to not own the Porsche company is to buy a Porsche. All right? You really need to be calculated with your expenses. You need to be focused on what's important to you. If you buy things and you go and do things because they look sexy and because other people do it and because that creates an image around yourself that you can show off to others, it will not help your end goal. It is so