holiday. They want to, I don't know, buy a car, buy a Porsche, buy whatever. But I'll tell you what, the quickest way to not own the Porsche company is to buy a Porsche. All right? You really need to be calculated with your expenses. You need to be focused on what's important to you. If you buy things and you go and do things because they look sexy and because other people do it and because that creates an image around yourself that you can show off to others, it will not help your end goal. It is so hard. Again, it is so hard with social media and everything that is happening. It is so hard for you to focus on that and so easily to get distracted and go, "Oh, all of my friends got the new iPhone. I need to go and spend $2,000 and get the new iPhone. My friend has a Porsche. My friend has a Ferrari or whatever. Or my friend has I don't know X car or laptop or he goes on a holiday in Bali or in Maldives or whatever. No, those things genuinely don't matter. Genuinely do not matter. They only matter for the social kind of virtual world that we built for ourselves and virtual image and whatever and us trying to portray a certain image to our family, to our friends and so on. It needs to matter to you. If that's what truly matters to you, then do it. But if you're honest, if you're brutally honest to yourself, you realize that only a handful of things genuinely matter to you, genuinely make you happy. I realized a pretty long time ago that if I wake up in the morning and I'm okay, the first thing that matters, if I'm okay, so I can take care of others, that's a win. If the also if the five whatever six closest people to me are healthy and okay, then I consider that they a win. Everything else that comes after that, it's a bonus. It needs to be about the things that you genuinely care about and the things that you genuinely that genuinely matter, right? You need to focus on building your own dreams or someone else will hire you to build their dreams. It's hard and I'll say it again. You need to focus on building your own dreams. Otherwise, people will get you to build someone else's dream. And that and that is a fact. And that is a fact. It might be what you want. It might be that you're happy with having the 9to-5 and be stress free. And again, it's so sexy to be an entrepreneur these days that it's overlooked how important and how good that kind of lifestyle is, the nineto-ive lifestyle as well. So, be brutally honest. Don't wish it was easier. Wish you knew more. Wish you were more documented. Don't wish for less problems. Just wish you had more skills. And for that, you need to take the time and invest in yourself. Right? Sorry, I got distracted there for a bit, but this point number one, what is your why? It is so important that I would I would honestly spend the whole 45 minutes just on this, right? Don't get emotionally involved into things and be brutally honest when it comes to building up your building up a business. Building up yourself, building up yourself as a personality, as a professional, as a as an entrepreneur, regardless of where you start, it doesn't matter that you were born in India or China or Romania or whatever. It genuinely doesn't matter. The market does not care about that. It doesn't matter that you're born black or white or rich or poor. It does not matter. The market does not care about that. What matters is where you finish off and where you end up at. Right? That's all on you. That's 100% on you. And if you focus on that and if you focus on getting yourself better and if you focus on just learning what is important to you, then you will win. It doesn't matter that you'll have a million dollars. It doesn't matter that you'll have $10 million and so on. It genuinely does not matter. I know people that are that have $30 million in their bank account and they're miserable. They're genuinely miserable. I know people that have a nineto-five job. They're stressfree. They take two holidays a year and they enjoy their time with their families and they're a zillion times happier than the guy with 30 million in their bank account is. It is so important. And the sooner you realize that it's not about the money and it's about the stuff that genuinely matters to you and the stuff that makes you happy, it's gonna it's going to blow off your mind. It's going to reshape your universe. And in this day and age, you can make money out of everything. You love movies, you can make money out of just watching movies and posting YouTube videos on YouTube. You love, I don't know, bees, you can make money out of whatever. Again, making videos about bees or building a beehive or whatever, anything. You can make money out of anything. You love technology, you love traveling, you can go traveling, make videos about traveling, you'll make money out of that. I guarantee you, you can make money out of pretty much every hobby or thing that you can like or passion that you have. You just need to be really focused on it. And I'll give you an example. Let's say let's say we let's say you start ahead of me on whatever your passion is cars and you know everything about cars and you work in a mechanic shop or whatever this probably super not relevant for everyone in this course but I'll give it I'll give it to you as a super basic example. You work a nineto-five job and you're just focused on that. You get home and then you chill. You watch Netflix, you watch Lord of the Rings or whatever Game of Thrones, whatever suits, whatever TV show is cool these days, right? But and I'm two years behind you. Genuinely, I'm two years behind you in terms of experience, in terms of knowledge. I work the same job, but as soon as I get home, I spend another two hours learning about how to build a car, learning about combustion engines, learning about electric cars, learning about Tesla, learning about this, learning about new technologies and so on. At the end of the year, I would have had 365 days where I would have put two hours extra. That means about 700 hours. That genuinely in terms of work in terms of work volume that means an extra what about a few months extra I don't know a month is about 160 hours whatever that n 9 to5 is right so that's 700 hours that's about what five four five extra months that I will gain ahead of you and I'll be ahead of you just by simply doing that's sheer math it's not even like you the simple fact that I'll focus on improving myself and learning more things than you will in two three years I'll be ahead of you. It's simple math. Spend the time, invest in yourself, right? Sorry about my rant, but it really matters. Moving on to point number two. How can you add value? Whenever you're pitching an idea, whenever you're trying to build a product or a or a service, you need to think of how you can add value to your customers, how you can add value to your audience. Now, what is value? You say again, people tend to lose sight of this, but the harsh reality is that value always translates to time. Always translates into time. And if you stay and analyze it to the most granular level, you will realize that it translates into time. It is the absolutely only currency in the world that you cannot buy more of. You simply cannot buy more of. Everyone has 86,400 seconds in the day. Everyone, regardless if it's Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk or me or Beta or you, everyone has the same amount of time in the day. And at the end of that day, you know what? Someone made a pretty cool analogy. What would you do if you would get $86,400 every single day to spend it on whatever you want? What would you do with it? What would you do with it? How would you spend it? Right? Knowing that at the end of the day, whatever you haven't spent completely vanishes. You burn it out. You throw it out on the window. What would you do with that money? Ju just think about that