everyone has the same amount of time in the day. And at the end of that day, you know what? Someone made a pretty cool analogy. What would you do if you would get $86,400 every single day to spend it on whatever you want? What would you do with it? What would you do with it? How would you spend it? Right? Knowing that at the end of the day, whatever you haven't spent completely vanishes. You burn it out. You throw it out on the window. What would you do with that money? Ju just think about that analogy. How cool is that? What would you do with $86,400? I think everyone goes now, oh, oh my god. Well, I'll buy a car. I'll buy this. I'll buy that. I'll go on holiday. I'll do You'll do so many things. You're thinking of so many things that to invest that in or to, you know, buy stuff for yourself or do whatever. But you can think of so many things that you could do. Pay my debts, pay this, pay that, whatever. It's the same thing. It's the same thing in real life. Everyone gets the same amount of money time in the day. Doesn't matter who you are. You need to be wise about how you spend it. Going back, what is val? How can you add value? Value. What is value? Value translates into time. Everything that you do, everything that you offer, your service, your product, you need to tie back into how much time can it save that person or how or how can it give time to that person. As I said, you can't really give time. But if you give them if you give them if it makes them money or if it saves them time. Let's say you create a program that it saves them 10 minutes a day for not doing a manual task and you do it automatically, right? You do you build a service that checks something for the oceans and cleans the oceans and whatever that also anything and everything will translate into time. That buys more time for society to evolve and get past this consumer world that we're in. And resource-based economy that we're in right now. All of these things, they add value and value is time. You know, the fact that you create a product that makes a company more money, it still translates into time. More money for that company means that top level execs can have more money to spend more money with their families and spend more time with their families and they can spend more time on what they want and not have to worry about money and their extravagant lifestyles and whatever. They do it for the wrong reasons. It doesn't matter but it still translates to the same thing. It still translates to time. So you need to you need to focus on that. You really need to focus on what value is your idea adding how what value and on a smaller scale on a more I guess dynamic scale and more of a structural kind of scale let's say in your groups and in your teams. How can you add value to your group? How can you add, you know, benefits to them working with you and so on? And yes, you need to work in a group. You don't try to do everything for yourself. You can do anything in this world. This is really important. You can do anything in this world as long as you realize that you can't do everything. I'll say it again. You can do anything in this world. You set your mind to genuinely if you're 40 years old and you go into and you want to go into rocket science, you can do it. You can do it. If you put enough time and effort into it, you can do it. But you can't do everything. You can't go and build a rocket yourself and all of this. As long as soon as you realize that, then you'll be better off just by the simple fact that you realize you can do anything you want as long as you realize that you can't do everything. So you need a team around you. You need to learn to work in teams and beta is doing all of this great by the fact that you know it encourages you to work in teams and do team projects and so on. It is it's super important. You can't do everything yourself. It's it's what value can you add to your team? Think about it in this way. Look university is a great example right you will get to meet people. I think networking is the most overlooked as advantage of going to university. Yes, everyone's, you know, booing educational system right now because they're saying it's old and outdated and whatever, but everyone is ignoring this networking side of it, right? The benefit of you meeting people, getting to know people that are like-minded, that are of a certain educational standard, and people that you can use as context for future on in life. Like for me it mattered so much how I got my first job, how I got you know some of the first the first business that I started and this is a clear example. The first business that I started I started it with a friend that I met in uni again I didn't know how to do everything. I started a crypto company the absolutely first one I started crypto company I didn't know how to do crypto mining and so on. I knew the technical side of things but I didn't know how to sell. So in one of my classes I met a guy who knew how to sell. He was a working at a car dealership. He was great at selling stuff. So I got him on board. Then at one of my other classes all of them would sim one of my other classes I got to meet another guy who was really good at finance. So he did our accounting side of things. So I got to meet all of these people and I got to work with them and I added my own piece of value. I couldn't do everything but I knew that I was really good at this tech side of things, right? And this gave me a super big advantage because not a lot of people were good on tech and not a lot of people were willing to get their hands dirty and to learn all of this technical stuff about it and it was too complicated and whatever you're not good at that find someone who is focus on what you're good at and the value that you can add to your company to your team and that's again I'm talking about structure I'm not talking about the idea but you need to focus on how you can add value to your team and how you can add value to the business itself that you're trying to build, right? And then get someone else to help you with the other stuff. Now, how can you add value to your to the customer and to the marketplace? We already spoke about that. , sell or be sold. This is a concept that's again in this day and age, it's not so sexy. Yet everyone does it every single day in pretty much every single interaction that we have and you need to be honest about it. You might not like selling. You might sell a I don't like to be you know that the kind of sleazy car salesman guy or whatever. You don't like the idea of selling. You think it's hard. You think it's you know beneath you or whatever. The reality is every interaction of our lives it's sell or be sold. And that's the honest. Let me give you examples. You talking to your parents or your family about what you're going to eat tonight. You're trying to either sell them on the idea that you want Kungpow chicken or whatever, or they're trying to sell you on the idea that you should have whatever steak. You talking with your date about going to the movies. Either you're trying to convince her or him to go to the new Marvel movie or they're trying to convince you to go to a romantic comedy or whatever. It's sell or be sold. All of these interactions, it's sell or be sold. You go to the shops and you try and buy a type of bread, the companies are trying to convince you which type of bread to buy. They're trying to sell you something. When you're talking to someone, you're trying to sell them your idea, regardless of how basic it is, regardless