The second session we are going to have we have Mike here to do you know get us I know that we are coming from if you're coming from like I'm coming from the science I'm not I'm not really good with the business but you might have an innovative idea you might have a very innovative design and mobile application so that's why we try in the design for change it's a stem prototyping it's the if you have a design solution that you want to pitch to the investors and make sure that convince them that this is a great idea. So I guess Mike is here. I let him to introduce himself and we this is the second session. So workshop three as part of the design for change 2022 and welcome Mike. >> Hello. Hello. Thank you for the introduction VA. , it's great to be here. Are we good to go or are we waiting for anyone else? >> It's good to go. So, we are going to record this session and it's going to be shared with the students. >> Awesome. Awesome. That's great. That's great. , so it's great for everyone who will get a chance to actually see this. , just shared my screen. I hope you can see it as well. First of all thanks for the invite beta really appreciate it. For everyone who's who's attending this class I think beta took a big risk by inviting me not knowing much about me and hoping that I won't ruin her presentation in her class. , and the reality is that I'll that I'll make I'll shake things up a bit and I'll and I'll put it in a totally different perspective than what you're probably expecting, data. , and I'll focus a lot more on the real life stuff. , that's more or less because I feel like that's what's going to give you the most value. So, a bit of background on myself. Was born in Romania, moved to Australia, I don't know, more than half of my life ago. , went to uni, went to school, went to masters, everything with Swinburn. , loved it and that genuinely changed my life. , started off in IT and then moved over to a bunch of other businesses. Long story short, so I don't bore you with it. I've made millions. I spend millions. I get business ideas pitched at me pretty much every week. , and they come from all areas and I don't discriminate in any way, shape or form where that idea comes from and where that idea is going. , always keep your options open from or my options open from that point of view. Now, , let's see. I have two questions over there and you know I was I was actually talking to a friend the other day. How would how would your life look like? Like genuinely think about this, right? How would your life look like if you're in the top 10% of people in the world? And by top 10% I mean lifestyle. I mean money. I mean everything. Everything. Wealth. Everything. And statistically speaking, it's really interesting because statistically speaking, the fact that we live in and not even 10% of the people in the world currently, I mean 10% of the people that ever lived like ever, right? Statistically speaking, the simple fact that you're in Australia, you're alive, you know, you live in this and with COVID with everything with Ukraine and Russia with all of this, you're the simple fact that you're in Australia and your university in Australia, you're in the top 10% of people in the world. So just it's it's it's like mindboggling that simple statistic. And that 1%, you know what? Statistically speaking, you need to make about $80,000 a year for you to be in the top 1% of people in the world. It's just insane. It's just insane. It's it's it's something that I think everyone should think about and you should really reflect on that. And that will take me to the actual presentation and so on. , everyone wants to be an entrepreneur because it's a it's a really sexy thing these days. Everyone is preaching about it. There's so many Tik Toks, Instagrams, you know, Facebook posts, Twitter, and whatever, you know, showing you a lifestyle that everyone just goes, "Oh my god, I want that lifestyle. " And, "Oh my god, it's just insane. " But the reality is that it's not necessarily the best thing. And you really need to be brutally honest with yourself and know exactly what is your why and what you're trying to achieve. And it's so hard and it's I got so annoyed at this question early on in life because I just didn't understand it. But again, statistically speaking, 90% of entrepreneurs will make significantly less than the top 100, 200 employees that come on Wolf Bank. And that's a fact, right? You don't need to be an entrepreneur to make a lot of money, to have a really nice lifestyle, to live the life that you want. So, if you're in it after the money, it's not necessarily the best option. It needs to be the thing that you like to do, right? You can be an employee. You can be the 100 employee at Apple or at Commonwealth Bank or at whatever other big company that you can think of and you can have such a significantly better lifestyle than entrepreneurs, any kind of entrepreneur. So, if you're trying to pitch an idea, if you're trying to build something, if you're trying to think about why you're doing it, are you actually doing it because you want to or is someone else pushing you into doing it? Right. And again the world these days the way it's structured and the way you know the society works you get a lot of pressure either if it's direct or indirect but you do get a lot of pressure and especially from your family. Your family always pushes you to do stuff right they try to convince you to go towards one particular career option or pick a particular partner or whatever it is. But you need to try and focus on yourself and you need to be brutally honest with you and focus on what you want to do and it's really hard with so much noise around and I'll tell you a quick story there's a guy in US Mark Lori amazing guy I'll just make this I know a 45 minutes you said right I'll try and make this as quickly as possible but guy Mark Lori in US he started up this diaper company he was just simply selling diapers. He would go to Costco and Woolwarts and whatever other stores they would have in US. He would go with his van. He would take all the diapers on their shelves. He would load them up in his van, buy them at, let's say, $1 per diaper, and then sell them on his website at 90 cents per diaper. So, he was losing 10 cents per diaper. He was trying to build a business where he would get people to go on his website and especially because he had the cheapest diapers around. He would lose money on the diapers. But what he realized is that once people would go on his website, people would actually buy other products as well. So he's making a lot of money on all of the other products. Anyway, long story short, this guy turned the business to something insane. He built a multi-million dollar business out of this. , and it got to the point where Costco would just tell him, "Look, we don't want to give you any more diapers. " And he went, "Well, it sucks for you guys. You can get me in touch with Johnson and Johnson , and get them to sell me diapers. " So, these guys at Costco went to Johnson and Johnson. Johnson and Johnson said, "Look, we don't believe in this business model. We think this guy is too small. We're not going to sell to him. " So what this guy Mark did, he went to even more Costco and Woolworth stores and he bought all of their diapers until the point where Costco just went, "Oh my god, this guy is just killing our business. All of our customers come to us and we can't buy diapers. " So eventually he got them to get in touch with Johnson and Johnson and Johnson and Johnson sold him diapers directly. Anyway, again, he sold his business for $200 million. This guy went over from there to build a bunch of other multi-million dollar companies. He's donating to charity millions of dollars a year and so on. This seems like the