# VIDEO: Workshop 3  Pitching a Business (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

fall off because you eat everything and anything. And the food is so acid these days. But if you do it constantly and regularly every single day, you're brushing your teeth and you're being diligent about it, then that will make a difference. It's the same thing in business. The same thing with pitching your idea. The simple fact that you went over it once before your presentation, it doesn't mean that you'll know how to do it. It doesn't mean that you'll you'll do the best version of it that you can. You won't. You'll need to repeat it 10 times over. You'll need to go over it so many more times in order for you to get to that point of being able to present it in a cohesive way and in a clear way so that your audience can understand it right >> Mike >> I yes >> sorry to disturb you because I didn't want to you know I just want to ask you a question so I guess when we are talking about knowing the audience because in this platform we are talking about if we have an idea that we want to pitch it to the investors how we are going to convince them so I guess I personally don't know what are the do you know what are the investors are interested okay the money the benefit but I guess those kind of language or those kind of evidences that it's specifically it's important for the investors so Maybe if you just as part of your pitch you tell us about that, that would be great. >> Yeah, sure. So, again, it ties back into knowing your audience. Yes, you are saying that you don't know your audience and you don't know what the investors are interested in, but do you really like in this day and age, do you really think about it with social media and everything with LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, do you really not know if you're going to a company and you know the people in the meeting, I can guarantee if I know that today I'm meeting with Beta, Julia, and Emily and whoever else is in the meeting, whatever their names might be, I can go on Facebook, I can go on Google, I can search them up, I can look up, oh, they posted cute photo of their dog. They really care about dogs, right? So, if my if my idea like if I have 10 people in the in the presentation and my idea is about, I don't know, a toy for dogs, then I'll for sure appeal to that person. I'll for sure look them dead in the eye, you know, because I know that they care about dogs, they have a dog, they posted dog pictures and whatever. They say, "Oh, look how cute this is. " Or about cats or whatever it is, right? Maybe you don't find anything in common about that, but you can make analogies. Whenever you post your idea, whenever you pitch your idea, there are personal things that you can relate to the people that you're presenting to. And you almost always know the people that will be present in the meeting. You can always ask, you can always find out the people that are present in the meeting and try and do a bit of research. Okay, you don't know the kind of people or it doesn't matter to them as much, but it always matters. Even if you go to multinationals, you're still selling. You're not selling to a business. You're selling to people. And that's what you need to understand. You're selling to people. You're you're selling to human beings. And it's always about building that relationship and building that trust. Yes, it's about the idea. It's about the concept of it. It's about it making money. It's about it being profitable and so on. But the first barrier that you need to get past is that human that you're looking dead in the eye and trying to sell them your ID. So, it needs to make sense to them. You need to relate to them. You need to know what are their interests. What is stuff that you can link to, right? Again, in your case, beta, it's so easy because you're giving them all of this information, right? You're telling them what the structure is. You're telling them what they're after. They know exactly what they should follow and they shouldn't think past that. Like that's yes, you can look outside of the box and you can build something amazing, but for the purpose of the assignment, you will genuinely think about that. And I dare you to think outside of the box. That's definitely something that you should focus on. But it's it's the reality is that you're selling to people. You're always going to sell to people, not to businesses, not to hard wall. People will have feelings involved. People will get involved in and will get emotionally dragged into your presentation. So, make sure you know your audience. Make sure you focus and you tune in on what's important to them, right? Is it important to them to save the environment? Is the forest important to them? Is ecosystem whatever sustainability important to them? Focus on that, right? Of course, it needs to be profitable. You need to focus on numbers. Everything that is said in that in that PDF, I read it. Everything that is said in that PDF is so clear and simple, and I agree with it 100%. Yes, it needs to be clear. It needs to be straight to the point. It needs to be concise. It needs to, you know, be easily understandable, easily digestible by your audience. That's those are all I agree with all of them. Those are all facts that I agree with. But you need to think outside of that in terms of how you can appeal to your audience. What can you add that's extra, right? And sorry, I'll just I think we don't have that much time. So if you guys want to ask any questions, I can definitely stop here and we can go through the questions and then take it up from there. >> I don't know if we have any question from the participants. So you can turn on your audio and ask the question or just write in the chat so I can share with Mike otherwise we are going ahead. Is there any question for now? Anything that you can think of. >> If you can't turn on your audio because I know this is the virtual environment that we all are experienc sharing the rooms and so on. So please write the your question in the chat and yeah we should be able to read otherwise we are going to continue listening to Mike. All right I guess Mike if there is any question so we are going to use the chat so >> yeah sure that's perfectly fine whatever works for you. So, , I was talking about the brushing teeth and whatever and knowing that another analogy, knowing that you should do push-ups versus actually doing push-ups so that you stay healthy, it's a totally different thing. We can stay here and talk about the next10 billion dollar ideas, the next whatever, you know, Twitter, the next SpaceX, the next Tesla, the next whatever. We can stay here, the next whatever COVID vaccine. We can stay here and come up with all of those ideas, but it's so different in talking about them and thinking about them than actually doing it. So I encourage you to if this is a life that you're generally trying to pursue of starting up your business of pitching an idea of trying to build an app, build a service, build a product, build a whatever, I encourage you to just start doing it. It's easy even if you don't have money. It's easy to start doing it. It's easy if you organize it in a in a clear and structured way, you'll be able to get the money. In this day and age, it's fairly easy to get the money. You can pitch it to so many people. So you can go on LinkedIn, find the whatever. If your idea is about selling pencils, you can go and you find the whatever 100 people, a thousand people on LinkedIn that are selling pencils or in pencil factories or whatever and you can sell to them. You can pitch your idea to them and get financing from them. You can definitely do that. Biology, whatever. Certain chemicals that are trying to develop that will whatever improve they have a problem with the pool and for keeping the pool clean for algae and whatever you can come up with those idea and go to the people