the pie chart I think is quite difficult to distinguish especially for this pink red and this maybe is like bit red pink okay and this one also is very difficult so what we can do is we can use the online available tool like color B to choose a better color. Okay, we recolor it. Then now it's easier for us to distinguish. Okay, so this is another advice for designing effective visualization. And lastly, I would like to end with a hands-on but it's not hands-on just me sharing how we are applying these design guidelines and best practices in our day-to-day work. So normally we are using these three software to design visualizations and present them using a dashboard okay in a storytelling manner. So these are the three tools that are available. PowerBI is part of your Microsoft product, Tableau and Lucal Studio which is a Google product which is free. So there are all BI tools, business intelligent tools where you can import your data inside, create visualizations and then design a dashboard that can tell story. So it's very important that when using this VI tool, you are picking the right visual. For example, if you want to compare dimension, we can use a bar chart. If you want to track changes or trend, you should use a time series, a line chart. If you want to highlight a single critical metric or KPI, you can use a score card. If you want to understand the composition of a whole set of data like a need group, okay, or the products of the phone, you can use a pie chart. If you want to visualize data in the real world with geographical information, please try to use a world map. It's intuitive for the user to know the location, relationship between variable, a scatter plot. And lastly, measure how well the data performs against a target. You can use a bullet chart. Okay, so this there are a lot of resources online like picking the right visual based on the purpose of your visualization. For example, if the viewer wants to see how the revenue change over time, what should you use? A time series, a line chart. Okay. If you want to compare sales of different product, a bar chart could be the best one. Identify the cities. So the location where our visitor live then just a map. Okay, as simple as that. So picking the right visual before designing is also very important. So with this I would like to show you this is one of the tool that I like to use recently and it's actually a Australian product. I'm not sure if you used this before. Canva originally it started off as a tool for non-designer to create their own design. It's actually a yearbook project. The founders want to use it to create their yearbook. Then they actually realized that this tool is getting very popular. A lot of people are using it. Even people from non-design background are using it. And now it's used by millions globally for visual communication. That allow you to import data also and create chart on canva now. So this is an example of a project that I have worked on in Sawa where we try to understand the demographic of the elderly in the state. We look at the household income. We look at the household group you know how many are actually at the B the bottom 40 how many are the top high income earners and then we review it and then we see the spending category how many % spent on food how many% spent on transportation so we can see the top category is food and the least is the transportation so this is actually designed using KBA so if you are not from technical background you find it difficult to use the BI tool like Tableau, PowerBI or local studio, you can use Canva already. And the best thing that I realized is that Canva also integrated some artificial intelligence where they allowed you to upload your data, your visualizations and you type the script and you can use it to generate a video with a AI voice over which I think you can use it for the start talking competition. So just come up with an idea and use it for the competition. Okay? And I hope you I wish you all the best for the competition. That's all for my sharing today. Thank you. >> Thank you so much Michael that encourage us to come up with a new workshop and you know come up with the AI version of the Canva. So that's very good. So it was very as usual very informative and coming with some example of the good visualization what are the proper choices we make during our data visualization especially acting at someone if this is you coming from STEM area or because this is now open to all the discipline you're coming from different discipline I think our role and responsibility is to choose is that tool that can share the message and that message is coming based on the fact and evidence and the science. So I think and it's coming with my kind of an engaging I like the idea of that video that Michael shared in the beginning of this you know data visualization workshop. You can see how the speaker join to the graph and take us to the different section the and remind us about something. I think that active message and that you know engaging with the data was very amazing and we would hope to see you and 4 minute videos by Monday 3rd of November for us to review and you become you invited to the live showcase on Thursday 6th of November. Thank you so much.