is not as huge as it appears right in the first graph here. So this is what we mean by graphical distortion. If you didn't start at the proper commons raw baseline, you are actually trying to distort the data by showing the differences actually are appear to be very big but in actual fact it is not that big. Okay. So the difference in your data okay should be reflected correctly by the size of effect in your graph. Okay. So the relative size the axis of the bar chart should always start at zero. Okay. To ensure you have a fair comparison. Another example of scale distortion using pie chart. If you look at this pie chart which represent the market share for the smartphone by the US, right? You can see that the leading one we have I think 39% is RIM and then we have 21. 2% other and then 19. 5% is Apple. Then Motorola then Palm and then Nokia. If we look at the value we know that Apple is the third highest right but because of the 3D illusion it seems that Apple is the second highest. Why? Because Apple is positioned in front and this ring the purple color is at the back. Even though it's 21% it appears smaller than 19. 5%. If we remove this 3D pie chart, we convert it to a 2D, then the differences, you look at it, it should be rimmed and then other and then apple, right? So the issue with 3D pie chart is because slice at the front of the pie appears larger than it is and the slice and the back appear smaller. And this is another example of scale distortion when you try to use 3D in your data visualizations. So with ascientist we want to communicate our data and findings honestly. So we try to avoid this kind of issue when designing our visualization. Another best practice would be the chart data to ratio. I know we like beautiful fancy graph but when you are trying to create an effective visualization we want to make sure that design the effect can show us the data variation and not design variation. Okay for example this is a very fancy graph but the next one here is better okay it's clearer for us to understand in a scientific communication. So one example what do we mean by data in ratio? Okay, if you look at this simple chart here that shows January to September what is the percentage right you can see we can actually simplify this chart so that it's easier for the user to know which one is the highest month which one is the lowest month and what is the difference between the highest and the lowest. How do we do it? We have to remove the chart junk one by one. First of all, you can remove the unnecessary grid. Okay. Okay. And then you can remove the background color and next you can even remove the bounding box and keep only the x and y axis. So this version now you can help to enhance it by making a horizontal scale to your x y value here using this fine white line. Okay. Make it easier to interpret across different months. And this is the resulting chart. You can see it's very clear now. Highest is June, lowest is May. Why is the difference between June and May is about 20%. Right? Because this is 5%, this is 5%. As compared to the earlier version fancy, but I think a lot of them are just noise. Okay? So these are some guidelines that you can consider in designing effective visualization. Last principle, your graphics must not quote data out of context. For example, you are trying to convince your friend, oh no, there's climate change, but they are showing you this graph. Hey, no, climate change is a lie. Look at this world average temperature from 97 1997 to 2012. There is no trend at all. Don't scare us. There's no global warming. What is happening here? You are quoting data out of context. If you look at a longer timeline, okay, okay, we don't start from 1997. We start earlier, okay? Instead of 15 years, we look into 50 years. And can you see the trend? Okay. So, this is what we mean by we try not to leave the data out of context. If you have a full history of data, you include it first. Okay? To make sure you don't have any incorrect interpretation due to quoting data out of context. So as much data as you can collect you have to visualize them consider the large data set so that you can deliver the right informations to the readers and avoid producing graph that are out of context. Okay. So that's the integrity principle that I would like to share. Now let's move on to a more technical part of it when designing our visualization. From the computing background actually chart is not as simple as a chart. We do have different naming for different ingredient of the chart. For example, the visual element we do have mark and channel. M are actually elements that can represent the items. Channel are actually the visual elements that can control the appearance of the map. Okay. So let me put it simple. For example, there are two type of channel. One is identity channel which is usually used for categorical variable such as the shape and the color. Another channel is magnitude channel which are normally used for quantitative variable for example the length and the shape of the color. Darker means higher, higher means more. Okay. So two type of channel identity which is categorical magnitude which is quantitative and because of the way our human brain and visual perception system is designed there are different effectiveness depending on the channel types that you use. Okay. As a human right actually we are more sensitive to a position on common scale followed by the length followed by the area followed by color and lastly 3D. Okay for identity channel we are very sensitive to the differences in the space region special region followed by different color and lastly the shape. So what do I mean by channel effectiveness? I think we can only illustrate this through exercises. Okay, if you look at this chart here, A and B, it is actually represented using position on the common scale because we start from the common scale here, A and B. And I ask you how much longer do you think B is compared to A? How much longer is it? Anyone would like to try? Is it one time longer, two times longer? Or same length. >> I just want to say if you don't have access to the audio, you can use off the chat and type it in the chat. >> Oh yeah, for the student. So I think you can compare A and B. Actually B is two times longer, right? I hope everyone agree. Now if I use another question now, is it the same? Is it two times longer or more? How about this one? A and B. Is it two times longer or is it three times? Is it four times? Flora said three times. Okay. All right. I think you know that is more than two times, right? Because this is two times. This should be three or four. Okay. So the correct answer is four times. It's quite easy. At least we can know that this is still more right than the previous example. But now if we use another channel which is the angle. How much deeper is B compared to A? This is quite difficult. You need to use the instrument to measure. Now so this is about four times deeper. Okay. Now I use area as the channel. How much larger is B compared to A? You can see it's getting more and more difficult right when we use different type of mark and channel. Okay. So actually B is five times larger than A. Okay. How much darker is B compared to A? It's two times darker. So you can see that the channel effectiveness is really different. We are the most sensitive to the length differences at the common scale. Okay. And we are not that sensitive to the brightness, you know, angle. Okay. So when you need to show the differences in the numerical variables, should you use a bar chart with different length or color to shows that darker means higher, lighter means lower? I think you can answer now right that if you want it to be very effective you should use a bar chart. If you already use a bar chart for another variable for the less important variable you have no choice but you can use brightness