# VIDEO: Workshop 4: Effective Storytelling with Data Visualisation 2025 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-10-15

to the army due to the weather. Okay. So you can see that there are many dimensions that are being represented in just one graphic. First of all, the title tell us what is this event about. And then the timeline 1812 to 1813, one year. And then in the beginning, this is the size of the army. As they move forward, the army get reduced to Moscow. And then they try to retreat from Moscow back to their origin. You can see in the end you can compare the original size of the army and the eventual survival. Okay. On this band and then at the bottom you can see it include the weather information which can tells you that this weather a very harsh weather here which might be the reason why suddenly there's a huge decrease in the size. Okay. So this is what we mean by a effective visualization. It's not only a simple graph with just X and Y two dimension. A good visualization will be able to represent more than two dimension. Okay. This is another visualization that is quite famous and that saves thousands of life. It is drawn by Jon Snow who is an epidemiologist. He created this map to visualize the location of the water pump and the households in London due to the collera cases. Okay, I think this happened in the 18th centuries where suddenly there are people who are suffering from collera cases and we don't know what's the reason. So this epidemologist try to visualize it is it related to the water and then they try to visualize the location of the pal and then the house of the cora crisis. By interviewing the household with death cases they discovered that a particular water pond on the broad street is the culprit. It was contaminated by the bacteria that cause choleera. So this is an early example of how we can use visualization to first record down the data. Then we analyze and eventually discover important insight that is hidden. Okay. Using visualization. Nowadays is even more important because we know we are living in the era of big data. A lot of data that is beyond our human ability to comprehend. Right? That's why we need to somehow use visualizations to summarize data so that we can look at the trend. So the ability to take data to understand it to process it and extract value from it gives a very important skill in the next deca. Okay. Because now we have a lot of data. How do we harness value from the data is the key skill which is also the objective of our workshop today. So I would like to start end the first subtopic with this activity. Have any of you read this book by Hans Rossling which is on the visualizations very famous book on visualization. So you can see that Hans Rosling is a statistician. He actually created a graph to relate income with life expectancy. So together we can watch a video and while watching the video I will need your help to tell me how many dimensions are there in one visualization. What do I mean by dimension? It is really the variable. For example, in the time series graph, we will have X as the time, Y as the target, right? So, we have two variable. So, while watching this video, you try to record down how many variables are there. Of course, from the title, you can tell me income is one variable, life expectancy is one variable, but are there more variables in the video? Let's watch it together. So let me know if you can hear it. Okay, I play it now. >> This shows income and lifespan in the world today. Each bubble is a country. Color shows region, the Americas, Europe, Africa, and Asia. And size is population. The big ones are China and India. And this is income, GDP per capita, from $500 all the way to $50,000 per person and year. And this is lifespan, life expectancy in years. These countries have the lowest income and the shortest life. And from this corner down here, there are countries at all levels all the way up to this corner up here with the highest income and the longest life expectancy. There are no countries here on this high income. There is no country with life expectancy below 74. And there is no country here on this low income. There is no country with life expectancy above 64. But look at the big picture. Most people live in middle inome countries. And on the same income level, there are huge differences in lifespan from 50 all the way to 75 years depending on how the money is distributed and how it's used. >> All right. So I know that I believe that from this video you can see that there are more than two dimensions that are represented. And how does income relate to life's expectancy? It is not as simple as the richer you are the longer you live but there are other factors like the region that you are with how the income are distributed in a particular countries but I would like to ask you apart from the income and the lifespan what are the other dimensions or variables that you can understand for this visualization I'll just show you here the next slide So this is the snapshot of the in >> there are no countries here. Okay. So this is actually in the book by Hans Roling. So this is the actual visualizations that is in the book. So how many dimension are they in one visualization? X is income, Y is life expectancy. But what are the other dimension? Any student would like to try you know what does the color mean? What does the size of the bubble means? Okay. So maybe I will just give you the answer. Population is represented by the size of the bubble. Right? The bigger this bubble, the bigger the country. China and India. That's the third dimension. Then the color actually shows the region which is a geographical information. For example, Asia Pacific represented by this pink. Okay. And then we have the USA and Canada represented by green and so on. Okay. So one 2D chart but capture more than two dimension. Okay. With you can design it cleverly. So that's all for the first subm module on data visualization overview. What is it about? Why and how? Now let's move on to the more technical maybe the boring one which is some of the design principle that we should bear in mind while designing the visualization. Okay, have you heard of graphical integrity? Okay, we know that as a human being we need to have integrity, right? But when you design graph you need to design with integrity too. Okay. So what do we mean by integrity principle when it comes to design and visualizations? It means that when you are designing your visualization, you should have clear detailed labeling to prevent any distortion or ambiguity. One example could be the size of the physically measured graphic should be proportional to numerical quantities. Right? If there is a numerical sense to the value, you should show the data variation in your data visualization and not design variation using a concept called data in ratio. And the graphics must not quote the data out of context. We will use a real life example to show this. So this is actually a screenshot of the Fox News that shows that what are the differences? Okay, if the bush tax cut expired, can you tell me what is the issue with this bar chart here? At the first glance, it seems like wow, there is a big difference right between this graph here January 1st 2013 and now it seems like the tax cut expired then it really affect the tax rate. But is that true? Okay, I think you are all science or engineering or computing student. If you look at the y-axis, you will notice something weird because the axis does not start from zero. What if we start from zero? Ah, do you feel different looking at this graph compared to the previous one? Now the difference is not as huge as it appears right in the first graph here. So this is what we mean by graphical distortion. If you didn't start at the proper commons raw baseline, you are actually trying to distort the data by showing the differences actually are appear to be very big but in actual fact it is not that big. Okay. So the difference in your data okay should be reflected correctly by the size of effect in your graph. Okay. So the relative size the axis of the bar chart should always start at zero. Okay. To ensure you