, and I'd like to acknowledge the traditional owners of the land upon which Swinburn's main campus stands on the land of the Waranderie people and acknowledge the land that you're on today and acknowledge that it was never seated. And I'd also like to acknowledge the traditional knowledges and stories that our First Nations people so kindly share with us in their role as traditional custodians of the land and in their role as our land's first storytellers. So I'd like to hand it over to Dr. Beta Zepharanolu who is the manager of this amazing set of initiatives to talk about the session today. Thank you beta. >> Thank you s so much Carolene. I would like to you know welcome you all especially if you're coming from Sarowak. We have our amazing guest speaker from Sarowak today. So this session for the following one hour is going to cover the effective storytelling with data visualization. Why do we care about this? So you hear that storytelling we talk about the indigenous community how the amazing stories still are you know inspiring us. So if we are in science or any different disciplines at university I guess part of your passion part of your research might be about how you communicate the outcome of that with the community and this storytelling is approach that we would love to offer and of course because we are coming I'm coming from the science backgrounds we would love to bring that science you know scientific data and that visualize mixed with the visualization part of this storytelling narrative. So for that we have a competition start talking which is coming in November. We have a live showcase on 6th of November. If you are you know if you would like to participate please reach out to us and we would love to receive your 4minut video on any innovative idea that you have which is you know coming with a social impact sustainable impact and especially part of this visualization can be applied part of that narrative by Monday 3rd of November and with this introduction introducing what we offer as part of shaping STEM futures program and start talking. I would love to introduce u Michael who is going to get us to this one hour informative session. Michael, it's all yours now. >> All right. Can I share my screen? >> Of course you can. So thank you so much Carolene and beta for the great and informative introduction. I'm very honored to be invited to share my experience about this topic effective storytelling with data visualization. So I Miko I'm currently the senior lecturer with the school of ICT from Zimban Sarawa. Before working as a lecturer I'm a professional data scientist. So I really appreciate the importance of a good data visualization in telling the story and subsequently persuade our decision maker like the management on the findings and recommendation from our data analysis. So in this sessions I will actually present four subtopics as part of the effective storytelling for data visual through data visualization. We will start with the fundamental topic like what is a visualization an overview of it a brief history what why and why is it important how can we design it followed by a mini activity and then we will continue on with design principle. So this is a technical stuff that outline some of the best practices researched by the researcher in this design field for many decades already. They have established a set of design guidelines such as graphical integrity which we can just apply directly while designing our own visualization. Thirdly, I will actually share some of the technique that you can use while trying to tell a story using your visualizations and depending on the purpose exploratory or explanatory there are different strategies that you can adopt. Okay. And lastly, I would like to share some tools that I personally use to create data visualization and share with you the example project that I have worked on using these two. So why do we need visualizations? Okay, I believe most of us here we are from science background. Personally I'm from engineering and computing background. I would consider myself a scientist because I'm a researcher. Okay, as a scientist we do have the responsible to conduct research that can benefit the broader society. But we're also responsible in disseminating the findings from our research and communicated to the public in a clear, honest and transparent manner. And data visualizations actually play an important part of it because a lot of the scientific data that we are generated may not be comprehendable by the general public. But if we can convert them into a effective dig data visualization, it will help us in the communication process. Formally data visualization is defined as the formation of a mental image in our internal brain or it could be a representation of a set of information externally. So what do we really mean by this? Okay. So we are trying to transform extract information or data into an interactive visual graphical representation for the purpose of exploring, communicating, confirming and presentation and it is important to have an effective data visualization that can help us instead of hinder us from understanding the information. So what do I mean by this? Humans have limited memory and attentional resources. Okay. And data visualizations should be designed in a way that it can help us to reduce the burden on our connection. If you look at the slide here, okay, there's a mathematical multiplication question. If I ask you what is 264 * 72 can you give me the answer without using any external tool meaning you have to use your bread. Okay. Okay. Another scenario would be if I allowed you to use a pen and a paper a piece of paper to write it down and do the calculation will you find it easier as compared to no external to at all? I think you will find it easier. Of course, the easiest will be calculator. But let's not go to that scenario. Let's just compare you know scenario A without any external tool. You have to do it purely inside your brain or with pencil and paper for you to write down and calculate. Okay. So this is what we mean by an external to data visualization as a tool for reducing our connective burden as external condition using the elements outside of our head to things and reduce the condition lock or burden on our brain. So if I have so much informations and 10 years of climate change data and I try to explain to you just verbally and you have to imagine it in your brain versus showing you a graph that is well designed you can immediately feel the differences okay and that's why we want to have a good visualizations because it's really about external connection how the resources the visual outside your mind can be used to boost the cognitive capabilities of the brain. Okay. So let's look at some of the example. Okay. The earlier visualization the very first pie chart here as you can see that can show the composition. Okay. Like African European and then this one also the very first bar chart. Okay. That shows the export and imports of Scotland to and from different parts. Okay. It's quite clear, right? Instead of instead of just using texture. So this is a very famous visualizations that we always show in our class related to data visualization. It is a simple 2D graph but it can capture a lot of informations inside it. Okay, this is probably the best statistical graphic ever drawn by Charles Joseph Aminard. It actually portrays the losses suffered by the Napoleon armies during the Russian campaign in 1812. So you can see this is a timeline. Okay. And the size of the colored graph here actually shows the populations of the army. So beginning at the police or Russian border, the tip band here, okay, shows that the army is quite big in the beginning. And then as they try to march forward okay and then they retreat you can see that the size of the army actually shrink down because of the losses of life due to the army due to the weather. Okay. So you can see that there are many dimensions that are being represented in just one graphic. First of all, the title tell us what is this event about. And then the timeline 1812 to 1813, one year. And then in the beginning, this is the size of the army. As they move forward, the army get reduced to Moscow. And then they try to retreat from Moscow back to their origin. You can see in the end you can compare the original size of the army and the eventual survival. Okay.