to the length differences at the common scale. Okay. And we are not that sensitive to the brightness, you know, angle. Okay. So when you need to show the differences in the numerical variables, should you use a bar chart with different length or color to shows that darker means higher, lighter means lower? I think you can answer now right that if you want it to be very effective you should use a bar chart. If you already use a bar chart for another variable for the less important variable you have no choice but you can use brightness or saturation to represent it. Okay. So this is what we mean by channel effectiveness. With this we are ending our second mini topic. Now I would like to continue on with the most important part which is storytelling. You already learned the important of data visualizations. You know that there are some design guideline that you should follow. For example, you should not distort your graphic due to scale or graphical distortion that can lead to in integrity issue and also should not quote data out of context. Try to visualize all the data that you have first so that you will not arrive at the wrong conclusion and understand that for different type of variable there are different channel that you can use. Okay. For example, categorical you can use shape or color, numerical you can use length, brightness, saturation. Okay. Now let's move on to the storytelling. So there are two types of objective when you want to use data visualization to tell story. First mainly I think it's internal like as a data scientist data analyst together with our team member we may use the visualization to explore if there are any interesting patterns. Okay, exploratory. We might generate a lot of graphs and see if there are any patterns. But once we realize there are some important patterns inside and we need to tell our decision maker, our manager that it would be explanatory ah storytelling where we want to communicate the findings from the exploratory phase and tell a story with the goal of informing and convincing our audience. And be careful. There is a fine line between showing the important data in the explanatory storytelling or manipulating presentation to fit our subjective opinions. As a scientist, we want to be objective. So we want to show the important data and communicate honestly. We shouldn't manipulate the presentation to fit our own personal opinion. Okay. So what are the some of the strategy that you can follow while doing storytelling? First of all, you need to know who are your audience, what you want them to know. Then with the who and what in mind, you can then decide how should you present it. Should it be done through live presentation like I was sharing today? Should it be done through a documentation like a booklet, a report which I will share with you at the end or can it be just a simple video like the one that we have from the first topic. Once you have decided, you will need to design a story board. Okay. To communicate the findings. Okay, for example, what are the questions that you would like to address? What are the approaches you describe? Show the before and after. And lastly, the recommendation. So, this is what you can see here. The data scientist would like to show the data to shows that after a pilot program, we do see increased interest of the children towards science. So there are many ways for them to communicate this finding. First one they want to show after the pilot program 68% express interest as simple as that just a number so that we know that okay 68% compared to 44 so it's a success or they can decide to use a pre and post chart that shows what is the original interest before the pilot what is the interest after the pilot and when we see there's a increase in after compared to the before then we say that the pilot program was the process. So you can see that the version here is more detailed than the first version. But maybe depending on the audience, if you are talking to the CEO, maybe he's only interested in the actual number, how many increase, how many percentage increase. But if you are talking to the manager, they want to know in detail what are the increases across different category, then you can show this. Okay. So this is what we mean by depending on the type of the audience. Okay. The questions and the decision making framework you can choose what kind of visualizations that you want to use to convey the same message. Okay. So these are some example that shows different type of visualization to present the same message which is pilot program was a success. So this one is after pilot program 68% expressed interest. This is actually showing that after the program originally only 19% are assited in size but after the program 38% are assited. Okay, for this one it shows before and after just that you use a state bar chart. You can see that excited and kind of interested are the positive one, right? And we can see that after the program we have more composition for excited and kind of interested. Another way to represent the same piece of data. How do you feel about science? We can use this slope graph. Before about 25 and 19% the blue one shows that they are a cited of interested but after we see more of a cited of interested but you also see a very interesting observation here is that student who are bored or not great before and after actually there are not much difference. But what is really effective about this pilot program is that we manage to convert student that says okay before the program to be excited and interested. Okay. So this is what we can see from this log graph. A lot of the kids in the middle in the neutral in the okay category after the pilot they are motivated to be excited and interested and that's why the program was a success. Okay. So this is how you can decide how you want to present the same piece of data. So now let's look at an example of the data again how we can actually apply what we have learned so far to improve a visualization. So this is actually a data that shows the frequency of Y chromosonal hel groups among the populations thing is in India. Okay. So the first impression of this chart is very complicated, right? Different region and different maybe we like to see this as a sites. But if you want to use it to communicate to the general public, maybe this is too complicated. So how can we improve it? First of all, instead of this kind of design, you just pinpoint the cities. Okay, the location. And then you remove the unnecessary bounding box just to show the composition here. Okay. And then the border here we change to a background shaded gray shaded so that it will not be too constra and affect our ability to perceive the composition. So you can see before and after. I think the right one is cleaner and easier for us to focus on the important one which is the location and the composition. Whereas the first one you can see we have a lot of unnecessary boxes boundary that may hinder the information and understanding. Okay. Similarly for this also thing when we want to use color in our chart we try not to use color where one color dominate the others because it will affect the audience. They might focus on the yellow and they cannot focus on the rest. So one best practice is that you can use color brewer to select colors that looks good together so that it's easier for us to understand each category. So last activity for our third part of today's session is that what are the issues you think okay with these three graph here I think you can see the first one here yellow dominates the other color the second the pie chart I think is quite difficult to distinguish especially for this pink red and this maybe is like bit red pink okay and this one also is very difficult so what we can do is we can use the online available tool like color B to choose a better color. Okay, we recolor it. Then now it's easier for us to distinguish. Okay, so this is another advice for designing effective visualization. And lastly, I would like to end with a hands-on but it's not hands-on just me sharing how we are applying these design guidelines and best