levels, and moisture levels will be collected and used as parameters to enforce this controlled environment. The leader system will know when organic waste has been deposited via an infrared sensor trigger and begin the monitoring process. Throughout the composting life cycle, the user will be able to monitor the decomposition process via a graphical display of the sensor information. Logs will also be recorded whenever the compost is stirred or whenever food is deposited to give the user the peace of mind that the system is operating correctly. We have begun the development stage and have initialize our hardware components as well as our backend and front-end services. Other similar solutions speed up the composting process by applying heat, producing lower quality compost that is sometimes harmful to plants. Leader, however, ensures a high quality compost that is perfect for use in any garden. In Australia, households contribute to 75% of the food that is sent to landfill. To solve this issue, leader is designed to become a staple for households in Australia. However, we believe Lader can be adapted to be incorporated into small businesses like restaurants and cafes as well as large office complexes. We feel that leader aligns with IG's vision to become a more sustainable business over the long term. Our team is confident that our leader prototype can provide users with an easier way to dispose of their organic waste and in turn create higher quality compost while reducing their contribution to landfill. >> Thank you very much team laid out composter. So I guess now we are open to any question from the panel before we ask the judges and to leave us and go to the breakout rooms to decide on the winner. So if we ask the team member for the later composer to turn on your the video if you can please. Yes. Yeah. >> , hey guys. , congratulations on your video and your presentation. >> Thank you. >> , it was very nicely presented. , and obviously a lot of thought has gone into the details and the mechanics of making this app function alongside the hardware that you guys have generated it. , so really well done there. I was just wondering sort of what the volume of the composter would be like this is more the hardware side >> but how large it would be. So the containers used in the prototype they're designed I think around 10ish liters for the So you see in the diagram there was a top chamber and a bottom chamber there for the different phases of the like the different composting phases. So the top ch they're both about the same size but generally you won't fill them all the way up to the top because then you have issues with stirring them and whatnot. >> Yep. But generally I think like five to 10ish liters is what you can what you aim to put inside before starting a cycle. >> Yeah. Because for this particular sort of iteration we're on, it's more of a proof of concept just to make sure that we can get it to work the way we want it to. And then as for the volume, if we get this to work right the first time, it's we think it'll be pretty easy to scale up or downwards depending on what where you want to install it. So yeah, we're hoping it'll be flexible with how much we can put into it. >> That's that's >> I was I was just going to mention on top of that because it is a prototype, it will go through user testing. So it's it's tentative. >> Yeah. And I know you mentioned it that it might be used in like a commercial setting as well. So there'd obviously be different sizes there for volumes coming in. But yeah, that sounds great. I'll pass over to Kim or Mini. U Minnie, do you want to jump in first? No, she's muted. She's >> go ahead because Minnie is trying to restart >> reconnect. Okay. My only question is do you envision having a home user version of this? Cuz I am a big composter and I would love this. >> Absolutely love this. >> Absolutely. Yeah. I think that's actually that's our first sort of target is for household use. So I think as we were saying in the video, most of the food waste in landfill actually comes from households. So the first iteration will definitely be targeted for that. I personally compost as well and grow stuff at home. So I'm have a personal stake in it, too. So >> that's brilliant. I've got lots of those cool ones all around the garden. And I rotate and worms are ballistic. But I think the other thing I would I would like to see if you do target that would be what to put in there as well. So, if you've never composted before or you just kind of do it poorly, I think there's a real market in that kind of space of teaching people as they're learning about, you know, when to turn it over, what types of processes are in place at the same time as, you know, if you're putting this in, this is what's happening and this is why. >> On the topic of like stirring the barrels and whatnot, that's designed as an automated system. So like once the once it detects that you inputed some comp like some food waste through the top with the infrared sensors, it's designed so that we have it programmed so that it's going to stir like once a day. So like all the kind of like regulation of how to do it efficiently should be taken care of. So you don't need to worry too much about it. >> So for the lazy people that don't know what they're doing, I love it. >> Yeah, that's Yeah, probably the best way to get more. Yeah, >> I just want to jump here because this is the four years of u composing project that Alex who you watch in the video PhD students have done it. So we are we know the science we know and we need do you know computer science students to automate the prototype. So please go ahead. >> No, I was just going to say well done. I love it. Well done. >> Cool. And to sorry >> I agree with Kim really I'm one of those people who would love to have an automated composting system great presentation guys I love the idea and you did well collaborating you know crossing across and collaborating with a different group but and I also love the architecture that you presented because I'm an architect right the only thing I have to tell you though is that when you're presenting it to an investor you usually would have would hide all those, you know, really technical details. Yeah, it's really great for me to know it. But yeah. >> Yeah, they would they would face >> that was one thing we were tossing up because we actually drew up those diagrams >> uni work. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> All right. All right. >> So, considering the time again, sorry that I have to jump again here to invite our you know great judging panel to decide to me and to the team who run this design for change. You all are the Venus. I am inspired by what you design. I am truly inspired by your design. Thank you very much all the finalists. You're going I guess I'm going to just give a class for all of you but we need to have one winner for this design for change. So, , Klan, could you please invite the, , the judging panel to the breakout rooms and then we invite Olivia to give us a 10 minutes brief about , employability team and , you know, our professional at Swinburn and it's about the emerging leaders program and all of these fantastic STEM project that you are involved how you can go ahead with this. Olivia and you have 10 minutes to cover that. >> In my 10 minutes, I'm doing a little bit of a paid announcement just about all of the careers services from the employability team. So, I know from seeing the names of the students in the groups that many of you are already very familiar with our careers services and of course with emerging leader, but I'm going to give you a very quick overview today. So hopefully you are very familiar and know already that in our career services we have events and resources for you no matter what stage you're at in your career journey. But we very much focus our resources on three stages exploring, clarifying and pursuing. And so no matter where