show that? >> Thank you. >> We have one we have time for one more question >> or more question short one. >> I'll be quick. Congratulations on your prototype and your video. It was really nicely presented and succinct. , I liked the sort of the level of engagement and the difference from existing similar things like Khan Academy. , maybe making it a little bit more playful. , I think that's kind of where you're getting at. Sort of gamifying it a bit in some of it. , so yeah, really great job and I know we're short on time so I'll give Minnie a turn to make some comments. Thank you. Full disclosure, I'm I'm a physics graduate and I taught physics my first year after graduating. So very well done. We didn't have these things that time. I was just wondering like how would you track progress like if someone is doing all these experiments, how would you enable the teacher and the person doing the all these experiments to track their progress like how and are they going to get any rewards while doing this experiment? Have you thought about these things? >> So, we didn't have anything on display, but we thought about when a student completes the experiment, there is like additional buttons at the bottom of the page that would bring them to either PDFs or interactive forms that a teacher can collect or if you were using them personally just at home, if you were a general public person, then you could test yourself. , and that would be one way to essentially log. , and then another hypothetical that we came up with, I guess a predtoype, if you will, to gamify it, , is that the teachers would be able to see if the student had completed those online , questionnaires at the bottom of the experiment. And that would be one way. , it the app lends itself to personalization if we really wanted to. So, , for this specific prototype, we didn't necessarily think about a reward system, but we can always incorporate stuff like customizables or points or even if a teacher had a classroom, you can definitely have like a point system. Maybe after you complete experimental questionnaire, the teachers can go yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, you this has your classroom or sorry, that student can get 100 points and then maybe there could be a leaderboard. But yeah, it does lead itself towards that. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. >> And part of the part of the philosophy is that going back to the play and stuff that Elliot was talking about, it's the reward comes from the hands-on rather than, you know, assessments. Because that's that's what our competitors are very much focused on, right? It's it's all, you know, this is how you work through the written problems. This is how you it's there. There's nothing about how does it actually apply to anything or what does it mean? So there are abilities to integrate it into the pre-existing classroom like that. But I think a lot of the philosophy comes from it's something that you know is really encouraging people to continue on. >> All right, >> we found >> I guess I have to stop the conversation. That is the reason actually we come across this type of event this networking it's great and I'm happy to pass and share all of this and the email addresses so you can communicate so at this stage considering the time I want to know if the sister cloud team they have the video ready if Emily or Jordan can represent. Hello, my name is Jordan and today I'm going to be presenting my team's design concept submission for the design for change 2021 challenge. We've created this project as part of a technology design unit. I'll quickly introduce the members of the team for this project. Firstly, Sver, our project principal and facilitator, Emily and Shan who contributed the bulk of the conceptual aspects of this project, myself, Jordan, Marius, and Michael. The core principle and value of insurance Australia group that we chose to align ourselves with is diversity, inclusion, and belonging. This was something that felt natural for us to tap into. Having a somewhat gender diverse group in a usually male-dominated course. What we found here was an incredibly complex web of interconnected gender equality issues resulting in women not only finding themselves underrepresented in STEM but finding it more difficult to get involved or even just to stay involved. The complex nature of these issues, although daunting at first, helped us to define the scope of our project to what we could realistically affect with just an application. Our vision developed into wanting to help young girls connect with like-minded peers, particularly mentors and role model figures. This meant that we needed to design a system that could help connect young girls and women with those like-minded peers, role models, and learning resources that will be better focused towards them. Upon preliminary research of this interest area, we found a few apps that could do similar things. Mentor loop and women in STEM provided a similar connection tool, while LinkedIn could provide similar kinds of access to successful career women. And STEM tutoring provides a direct mentor to mentee connection service. When we decided how we were going to differentiate ourselves, we looked at providing a fun, more gamified experience. What we found with a lot of current offerings in this space was that very few of them were targeted towards younger school girls and we wanted to fill this space. We created an app with girls aged 10 to 15 in mind mainly. Although we expect this to easily extend a few years beyond those two limits. Initially we went where we to implement this design. We would be approaching schools to help us populate the app. We also need to approach some established women in STEM who are eager to get involved in a cause such as this. I'm going to quickly demonstrate a few key features of our prototype we've created with Adobe XD. This is our landing page where we've created islands that each represent an area of STEM. When we click on an island, we see a procedurally generated view which is selected by users interests and activity levels. Here a user can browse between their young peers who are interested in pursuing STEM. We've named those little sisters. They can find mentors that they can connect with known as big sisters and they can browse and get involved in interest groups known as villages. Obviously, approaching people that you've never met can be a little daunting. So each day the app selects a sister of the day who's promoted based on a few performance metrics such as their level which is based on their activity, the amount of little sisters they've been recommended by and the total little sisters that they've connected with and assisted. So a few hidden ones like their average response times to new messages or how many little sisters they are currently messaging. Future like this is critical to encourage prospective young women in STEM to take the first steps in developing a network and finding people that they can be encouraged by or inspired by. Member of the app can send a request to join a group which they'll need to be approved by the group's leader or admin. Any village that has been joined is then accessible by the option my villages in the menu. The villages use a unique design language to portray the sections of the group and provide a unique flavor to the app's experience. For example, the town hall can be used to make announcements. The library can use to create or upload documents. And the theater can be used for communicating over integrated voice chat or video chat. There are a few other features that our prototype has, but for the sake of brevity, I hope that this small look has demonstrated some of the key design concepts that are behind our application. The desired impact of this application is to empower young girls by connecting them to role models, tackling some of the stereotypes that are typically associated with STEM fields, to give families tools to help their young women succeed, and to deliver a platform where students and professionals alike can share their experiences and grow alongside one another. We think this idea is pretty malleable, so we've got a few ideas for how it could be developed further. These are some of them, though among the most important are ensuring that the platform is properly moderated. Given the precautious age that this design targets, this is an area where we would expect to be constantly iterating and improving. That's all for the presentation. We hope you've enjoyed