of the careers services from the employability team. So, I know from seeing the names of the students in the groups that many of you are already very familiar with our careers services and of course with emerging leader, but I'm going to give you a very quick overview today. So hopefully you are very familiar and know already that in our career services we have events and resources for you no matter what stage you're at in your career journey. But we very much focus our resources on three stages exploring, clarifying and pursuing. And so no matter where you're at we can be providing assistance. And this slide which I can also share with you at a later date gives links to a lot of our different programs and services to show you how you can ask a question, how you can develop your professional purpose, how you can develop your own employment documents such as resumeumés and cover letters etc. And how you can work through that via career start. But also, you can see from this slide, we have lots of different ways to access our services and ask your career questions. Hopefully, you are familiar with career start. It is organized in the same way, explore, clarify, and pursue, but you get to determine your own learning path and you can gain certificates on completion of each module. So you can access tools you through career start such as the réé 360 ré builder. You can have some online interview practice and even practice giving pictures. But you'll of course also have recognition within the emerging leader program. And just quickly because I know you're familiar with it already though those of students who are logged in who aren't, please go to our web page and register for the program. You'll be able to complete as many of these certificates but hopefully at least four to become a Swimburn emerging leader. So as you can see from this slide, you'll document your different activities according to the appropriate category and gain certificates when you align your experiences to the employability skills. You're very familiar with these I'm sure. And I think if you consider the experience you've just had, you'll know that you've certainly been demonstrating a lot of these skills, foremost, communication, but also a number of other skills as well. Those for those of you who aren't familiar with our program, the screen shows how you add your activities and your skill reflections to our emerging leader portal and how you can apply for a certificate. I'd really like you to start thinking about the activities you've been involved with that have been beat as wonderful initiatives. , start talking of course would give you the campus participation certificate. If you haven't been involved in that in previous years, I really encourage you to get involved in second semester and claim that towards your campus participation certificate. Even being an audience member can really help out with that particular activity. Of course design for change. Depending on your initiative, it could be campus participation you claim it under. It might be industry experience. And certainly you can choose from the others as well. Hopefully you'll keep an eye out for the STEM infographic competition which beta will tell you about in the coming months. I'm sure the next initiative which can also assist you to gain an emerging leader certificate. So if you haven't already and I know there's a few emerging leaders amongst our finalists tonight, but if you're not already, think about how you might plan for your emerging leader, the different things that you're involved in that can really contribute to boosting your employability. Don't forget we have resources and we also assess reflections according to a checklist. So it is all good practice for your future job applications and interviews. And if anyone's not sure about their evidence for any activities, we do have this activity declaration form. So certainly you can use one of these or you might just have some screenshots even of tonight's event or your participation. To upload. So that's all from me. Please register for Emerging Leader if you haven't already and please make sure you connect with our services and use our very many career services that are all there to assist you. >> Thank you very much Janet. Thank you for all of this intensive support for this project and all of these initiatives. I guess now I think a Kim can you confirm that the judges they make a decision? >> We did. >> Yes. Okay. This is the exciting time. So I guess what I would like before we announce can I ask everyone to turn on their video because I want to capture this moment that all the finalists are waiting for the winner of the design for change 2021. I am excited. I don't know who it is and I wish if I we could introduce all of these finalists as a winner. So I'm going to capture one photo and I would like if everyone can turn on the video for few seconds and have a smile at for your achievement. You did very well. So, I'm going to have a screenshot and that is going to be three two one smile. All right. Now, could you please let us know one of the judges who's going to introduce us the winner and announce >> the winner? >> I'll do that. Sorry that I do have a mask on. I'm in the still in the workshop today. So that's the reason I still have a mask on. We didn't have a great amount of time to deliberate, but we all came to the same conclusion. They were all very close. But Kim, Minnie, and I we all came to the decision that team Sister Cloud was the strongest in the competition. So congratulations to Team Sister Cloud. And thank you the two other finalists as well for your submissions. >> Yeah, big congratulations to everyone. We didn't get a lot of time to deliberate, but it was close.