# VIDEO: Design for Change: Showcase 2021 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-01

Welcome everyone. Good afternoon and welcome to the design for change 2021. So this is the initiative that we our team offered and we got a grant from Adobe grant 2021 and the round one. So we are excited to have our three finalists who come with their STEM prototype design and of course this is aligned with our vision. So I have a package of the material is going to be recorded. If you can please add your student ID because that's the way that we are going to communicate with you in case if you want to share the material and of course the evaluation link is going to be share with you and please turn off your camera but the competitors they know that they are prepared so for this moment so we are going to ask you after your video to turn on your audio and video for our judges to ask the question and of course we are going it's It's going to be a better experience if you set your screen to the speaker view. And the winner of the design for change 2021 is going to be announced at about 5:25 today. So let's start with the acknowledgement of the country. On behalf of those present, I respectfully acknowledge the wonder war people of the Ken nation who are traditional custodonians of the land on which we work, we live and now we meet and recognize their continuing connection to the land, water and air that we consumes. I pay respects to the traditional owners of land across Australia and Malaysia because we are actually invited from Saravak students and can conveners as well and to their elder and ancestor and cultures and heritage past, present and emerging. I also pay respects to all Aboriginal and all the indigenous people and hope that the path towards the reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. So we are glad to have this opportunity to acknowledge you and I know that this is the very important point and today was a sorry day. So it's good that to have this. So design for change as I started with the team. So this is the shaping stem future prototype project aims to develop swimburn students communication and technical skills utilizing a multidisciplinary collaborative approach where students can play risk and act as an entrepreneur. So we would large students to foster the building of the their digital literacy that will empower them with the skills that they need for their future career and they can inspire community and they can come contribute to industry. So what would be the product in this program? It's about a 3 to five students to design pitch startup concept with a STEM prototype which is aligned with one of our vision or direction and at least the use of one Adobe application. So the visions that we suggested here is inspiring school age students into the STEM especially girls and women's in STEM and the other direction is align with our industry partner IIG insurance Australia group to make the world a better and safer place to live. So I guess we are clear about our two directions. So we had few teams and evaluating all the designs we come up with two with three finalists with three design which is align with one of these vision either the making the world a better safer play place to live or inspiring the women and girls into the STEM. So now I would like to appreciate and this is the last minute change to the list of the judging panel. So we have a representative from Adobe team. So Kim Flowers it's representing Adobe team on behalf of the Adobe and yeah Claire is in apologies. Sorry about that. And that is the last minute change. And of course Minnie, she's here to represent our industry partner Insurance Australia Group. So she's a principal enterprise architect. And of course we have our prototype coach Elliot Henle who is from the design factory Melbourne. So these are our judging panel for today. This project and this industrybased work learning integrated activity was not able to be run without the team and this great teamwork. So we have our team including myself Klan from computing science he's a department chair of the computing science and software engineering and of course Elliot who is the part of the we are out I don't want to have any conflict of interest for all of this fantastic design so yeah Elliot is would be part of the team and the judges and of course we have our collaborators from Adobe Claire and Keem they our great supporter and of course Janet from career employability and emerging leader program and of course I AG so Heleni and Minnie today they were working with us and you know I can't we use the word to describe how grateful I am and we are for their help and of course we have Irene our convenor from Save so from Malaysia. And most important, these people, these students, they have made a great design. And I guess we have three finalists. We have lab society. We have the design which is called sister cloud and we have the u design which is called lida composter which you are going to see the video the 4m minute video of their design shortly. I guess this is the summary of our events what we have done in design for change during last three months. This is started with the communication for scientist unit but now it's in five units and behind the assessment we cover three workshop Adobe Illustrator, Adobe XD, Adobe Rush and startup pitch presentation. So I guess now we are here and students achievement is the judges choice is going to receive 1,000 prize as part of the Adobe grant and thanks to Adobe team again and we are going to have thank you to our industry partner. So the winner is going to receive a professional experience supported by IG. So we are going all of the competitors are going to finalist today. They are going to receive a certificate of partic participation because of the skills they've achieved by participating in this event and we are going to have a recognition with the Swimburn emerging leaders program and a story of success is going to be published. So I think that was the last I guess the following slides is talking about we are covering the judging video h criteria. I guess all the finalists they were aware of that. And next slide. This is the first workshop and it was the Adobe Illustrator. The second workshop we cover it was Adobe XD and the third workshop as I said it was about the Adobe Rush and pitch presentation. So now I would like to ask Castlan if you can please share the first video. >> A couple years ago back when I was in high school, I really wanted to study STEM in university and possibly for a future career. However, it seemed quite scary and intimidating. In fact, my team and I have interviewed quite a few high school students who say the same things. Other it's really hard. You already have to be a genius before you get in. There are stigmas around demographics that can and cannot study STEM. There isn't much of an opportunity to get into the industry and that there is nobody alive this century that they can look up to as a role model. There is also an Australian government report that highlights this. A lot of high school students cannot see themselves in a future career involving STEM. Labs is a platform that gives high schoolers access to the reality of science, bridging the gap between high school and the real world of STEM. To do this, LabSoft provides a platform for high schoolers to access educational content from real experts, to access opportunities like internships and conferences, and to join a community comprising secondary, tertiary, and postgraduate members. It does this by creating a platform for science communicators to upload educational content and plug their own personal channels. It showcases the applications of STEM in the workforce and in academia. All the while focusing on the personal journeys of experts and PhD students to humanize what it means to be a STEM worker. From the homepage, you can log into three different types of accounts. A personal account, a student account, or a teacher account. If you log into a student account, you will see the experiment you last viewed, any experiments your teacher has assigned to you, as well as the latest featured events. Experiments are categorized in discipline. Clicking on to an experiment will bring you to the experiment page. >> Each experiment has two associated videos, a how-to video and a background video. The