journeys of experts and PhD students to humanize what it means to be a STEM worker. From the homepage, you can log into three different types of accounts. A personal account, a student account, or a teacher account. If you log into a student account, you will see the experiment you last viewed, any experiments your teacher has assigned to you, as well as the latest featured events. Experiments are categorized in discipline. Clicking on to an experiment will bring you to the experiment page. >> Each experiment has two associated videos, a how-to video and a background video. The how-to video is where our content creators shine. They make personalized content for students to follow through an experiment and gain an understanding of what they'll be learning. The background video gives broader context to this experiment. This is where students understand the applications of what they're learning in the workforce and in academia. >> There are also additional content that you can access through buttons. You can access additional worksheets via PDF as well as social links to the mentor who has created the experiment to create a sense of community if you have any questions or if you want to view any of the work that they've done additionally. Lastly, there is also an events module. Here will bring you to the list of events. This may be lectures, workshops, excursions or any other opportunities for students or the general public. Part of the reason we really wanted to have livestock is primarily a smartphone application is because phones these days have a whole lot of sensors that we can gather some really cool data from. Things like gyroscopes and microphones that typically would have to be used with really expensive lab equipment are now a whole lot more accessible and we can tap into through the phones. On top of this, we're looking into utilizing augmented reality to have the instructors in the same room as the person who's doing the experiment. What this helps do is increase engagement and really foster that connection between instructor and student. As the Australian government's STEM equity monitor shows, as students progress through school, their interest and confidence in STEM subjects drops off, and they're not as keen to follow a STEM career as they once were. Other studies have proposed solutions that aren't necessarily being tapped into at the moment, such as increasing the number of role models that students can identify with or helping students see themselves as scientists. These have been shown to increase the likelihood of extended interest, but only if they're done over an extended period of time rather than in sporadic once offs, which is why we want Labsock to be easily accessible in the classroom. Labs hopes to fill a niche in educational programs that has not been explored before. All programs such as Chan Academy and Adollo focus on worked out examples. Labs hopes to focus more on fostering a sense of community and also providing physical experiments. Goal of this is not to work through problems but rather to inspire students to study STEM in the future. We hope to gain revenue on lab by two main avenues. The first is by integrating classroom packages which allow schools for a fee to give their teachers teacher accounts that are attached to a virtual classroom. This will allow them to match content on labs to their lesson plans. We also give them access to 24/7 online support. Secondly, we hope to allow selected organizations to list STEM related events and internships on our platform. This will hopefully inspire students and show them the link between studying STEM and what their future career can be. >> Our team have constructed this app keeping in mind high school students and the various challenges that they face while simultaneously providing an opportunity for university students and experts to educate our future generations. Cuz here at Labs, we bridge the gap. Was great to see this design and that was aligned with our vision inspiring you know school age students into the STEM. So that is take off. I guess I would like to you know invite all the team member who are presented tonight to turn on their audio and video. So we have about you know few minutes to spend on the question from the panels the judges. So if your jud the judges also turn on the video now it would be great so we can communicate better. So thank you very much Minnie and thank you Kee and Elliot I don't know if you're there to turn on your >> Yeah. So let's just start with a question from the judging panel. If you have any question for this design, please let us know. >> I want to know how you feel about it. >> How did you feel about pulling all this together and putting it in this format? >> As in the topic or trying to create a prototype? >> Both, but probably the topic more. How did you get to that? How do you feel about how you got there? So, one of the first things that our team did was we went into a room and decided we really wanted to do the inspiring STEM students topic and we all sat down and we put a whole bunch of hypothetical not hypothetical sorry questions on the board that we had to answer such as did we have any role models? What was our biggest challenges etc. And that exercise was meant to be around half an hour to an hour, but ended up taking the entire time that we booked at the study space in the library because we realized how much and how in-depth and complicated this scenario is. , which is why we even took it to high school students. So, , like I got into contact with , like my brother and all his friends since he's still in high school. And the rest of my team members did the same with their siblings and people they knew. So, we can actually had a one-on-one conversation. And in doing so, it was really it was eye opening, but also kind of sad about how a lot of them just said, "We don't have any role models or we can't think of anybody who's alive this century. " , so most of them were like saying Einstein and Newton, for example. , and , in terms of like blockers as to why they wouldn't go into STEM in the future is because they didn't understand how you can apply STEM to the work course. , which is where that background video that we're implementing in the app. , in terms of actually creating the app itself, , so myself, Joel, and Tim, we're all physics students. And Josh who isn't here at the moment cuz he's at his placement he's an engineer so for all of us designing an app was very new but it was actually pretty interesting and just to learn terminology do the research as to like scrolling about us pages is something that we just kept on coming up with and even almost before we finished the app Josh goes oh we also need to talk about revenue and we just started pulling resources like the Airbnb pitch dock and the business the business model canvas as well just all the resources that we could to try to inform us because it was something really new. Joel Tim, do you have anything to add to that? >> Yeah, I think I think that going into a room using some of the design thinking methodologies and stuff to really work out what made us want to do science because you know it's fun, right? Doing STEM is fun. How do we show people that it's fun? , and for that for us that kind of boiled down to well, a you can do it. So, we're going to show you can do it by helping you do it. And b, there are some really cool people out here who look like you and have similar journeys to you and , all that are doing this and are really loving doing this. So how can we how can we bring those two together and show that? >> Thank you. >> We have one we have time for one more question >> or more question short one. >> I'll be quick. Congratulations on your prototype and your video. It was really nicely presented and succinct. , I liked the sort of the level of engagement and the difference from existing similar things like Khan Academy. , maybe making it a little bit more playful. , I think that's kind of where you're getting at. Sort of gamifying it a bit in some of it. , so yeah, really great job and I know we're short