# VIDEO: Design for Change: Showcase 2021 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-01

STEM fields, to give families tools to help their young women succeed, and to deliver a platform where students and professionals alike can share their experiences and grow alongside one another. We think this idea is pretty malleable, so we've got a few ideas for how it could be developed further. These are some of them, though among the most important are ensuring that the platform is properly moderated. Given the precautious age that this design targets, this is an area where we would expect to be constantly iterating and improving. That's all for the presentation. We hope you've enjoyed it and that you like our design. Thank you for your time. >> team sister cloud. So that was aligned with our vision to inspiring girls and women's into this. So if you can please team sister cloud if you can please turn on your video. So we are going to answer the questions from the panel and we consider three minutes for that. >> Sure. >> Thank you Emily. I guess I can start because we are actually about to launch a mentoring program within we've had a women in tech mentoring program running for quite a while but of course it's just for our staff but we do have we do have a pillar that looks after this part where we're trying to encourage young you know like students to actually go into STEM and so I can say this is very relevant to us and in I could see because we're trying to do like things like self matching, you know, and you've nailed it there in your in your app. So, I was just wondering if you have already like spoken to I think you mentioned that in the video, but like how widely have you consulted parents for example? I'm just a bit concerned about the privacy part of things. Yeah can you talk a bit about that especially when it concerns young people? >> Yeah like we understand that the security is very important you know when work with especially young aged and high school girls. So yeah, I think there's probably be like a lot of a background checking sort of a features we could incorporate in the future in a platform. And also you know just to assess their quality especially for those mentors and also we were thinking at the start we can probably targeting you know the university teachers and so you know like we so that's one way to ensure that we you know have a good source you know where to get the mentors from. So instead of making you know all open to public that's probably one way we can do. >> Sounds good. Thank you. >> , thank you guys. , again, great job. , I really like the visuals in your app. , very playful. , and I saw I just noticed it watching it again now. , the different worlds on that were available. So, like the robot world and the coding world, I think it was. , just off the top of my head. What are some of the most important things that you think would be in those worlds and some of the content that you think that you would include? >> sorry, could you please explain further by like what do you mean by like a content as in like a what sort of a groups? >> yeah like have you were there any specific examples of like STEM learning that you would try and influence? >> so yeah so as you can see like in the homepage we have like each island represent each field of STEM. So basically people can choose which islands to reside to explore further and on those islands there will be like groups established by either like a mentor you can be a mentor leaded group based on that mentor's areas of expertise but it also can be a pure purely like a peer-to-peer group you know where the cis can actually help each other to learn from each other and those all those villages and they mean like so-called groups they are all formed based on interest. >> Oh, okay. Y >> fantastic. Do we have any question from Keem? Otherwise, >> I don't have a question. I do have one thing that I want to make a comment about though and it's the use of language and I think you've really nailed the inclusivity of using things like villages and sisters. I think that's really important because that is going to build that community just from the moment they step in. So I think that's a really good thing that you've done there. Yeah, that's actually one of our focus as well to sort of trying to establish emotional connection among those girls because we noticed that there's a you know lots of mentor programs or software is already available in the market like actually provide a similar service but what we want to focus is trying to not just for them to connect also for them to stay in a community where they can you know for the long term they can help out each other. That's kind of like a what we focus on. >> Well, well done. >> Thank you very much. Team sister cloud. We are proud of this design. All right. So now we ended up having our next and last finalist. I am wondering if one of the team member from the leader composer can present the video so we can confirm the audio and video and we can go ahead. >> Hi everyone and welcome to our presentation for the leader automated composting system and mobile app. My name is Thomas and I'm the team leader for this project. In the team we have Lachlan and Jeremy who are experts in mobile app development. Dominic who is experienced with data management and Nicholas our IoT hardware technician. This project was proposed by our client Alex James Castillo who conducted a thesis on the microbial ecology of urban organic waste treatment or compost as we know it. Did you know that in Australia around 80% of our organic waste ends up in landfill creating greenhouse emissions that could have been easily avoided if more households were actively composting. By diverting organic waste from landfill, we can reduce the strain on the environment in terms of the 13 million tons of CO2 that is created per year as a result of organic waste going to landfill. Working closely with Swimburn Researchers, we're creating Leader, a better way to compost and make use of organic waste. Leader is an automatic composting system designed to produce highquality compost by providing a controlled environment for the process to take place. Accompanying the composter is a mobile app that will provide useful information to the user via the output of several sensors inside a device, allowing the user to monitor and pause the system at any time. By working closely with our client, our team was able to gain a proper understanding of the vision behind leader, allowing us to begin the design process with the client's objective in mind. To achieve this objective, we have designed a Raspberry Pi IoT system to automate the composter prototype and provide data for our app. To ensure a smooth and flexible development process, we will be utilizing tools such as GitHub for version control, Jira for task management, and Confluence for documentation and apply them to our agile canban methodology. After conducting extensive research, our team decided to utilize a REST API to separate these objectives across backend and front-end services. Our backend will provide the interface we need for communication and data transfer between the Raspberry Pi IoT system, our Firebase data store and also our front-end service. The front end will provide the platform on which the mobile app can operate with the app itself being created using React Native for Android and iOS devices along with several other APIs to support optimal performance and testing functionality. The leader system carefully controls the environment by mixing and air rating the waste daily. It will also regulate the temperature and air flow via the use of air pumps, creating the ideal environment for food composting microbes to thrive. Data such as temperature, oxygen levels, and moisture levels will be collected and used as parameters to enforce this controlled environment. The leader system will know when organic waste has been deposited via an infrared sensor trigger and begin the monitoring process. Throughout the composting life cycle, the user will be able to monitor the decomposition process via a graphical display of the sensor information. Logs will also be recorded whenever the compost is stirred or whenever food is deposited to give the user the peace of mind that the system is operating correctly. We have begun the development stage and have initialize our hardware