# VIDEO: Workshop 1 : Adobe XD (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

for vertical scrolling. Yes. So if you want you can play around, you can pause this recording and play around with shapes and art boards. And then once you have a wireframe ready, you may you may want to decorate it, add images. You can add images by making a box over here. You can make a box. And then under fill, you can also add it here. You can add color like linear gradients, angular gradients and all that. Or you can also drag the image. If you're on a Mac, you can just drag the image into the box as well. I believe if you are on a Windows you might need to attach images like by dragging in. I'm not completely sure about that since I'm on a Mac but yes and then after you are complete you may come up with an app design that looks like this. So when you're ready you can jump into prototyping. >> So I just want to ask you a question. So I can see with your design working example, it's kind of >> Okay. So I can see all of the text and the images and the boxes that you added, but I can see there is a background on the screen. So is that different to what you just explained or how that search button or that so yeah the background is going to be appear. >> Oh, right. You mean like this picture? Okay. Yeah. So, if you if you look over here, okay, so if this background is basically like the back of the screen, right? So, it's the background of the prototype itself, the design. So, you would be able to just add images on here. Let me just demonstrate by pulling up an image and dragging it in here. , give me one second. Let me just pull up an image. Yeah. So, if I were to just drag an image onto here, you're able to see it's really huge. Yeah. So, I've just dragged an image in here. You can just if you just drag it onto a screen and just like proportionately fit it over the screen, it will become a background. So you can alter the opacity if you want over here. >> Yeah. >> If you want to just adjust the opacity according to what the background color is. So, if I wanted to have it have it like have a white overlay, I could just decrease the decrease the opacity >> or I can or I can add a layer of overlay colors however I want and then just adjust the opacity over here over here. So, yeah. So, this is how you produce like a background image. And then as for these, I'm pretty sure that it's just the white of the artboard itself. Thank you. >> Yep. So, if you if you wanted to have a scrolling a vertical scrolling screen and you wanted one picture across the entire thing, this would be how the home looks like. So, if it's one huge screen, when you scroll, it's still like the image is like stuck onto the artboard. Yeah. However, if you wanted to fix it in position like we discussed just now, you select the image If you want it to fix position, then when you scroll, it will it will fix on its spot. Yep. So, let me just demonstrate. Sorry, wrong thing. Yeah. Let me just demonstrate the with the repeat grid. Yep. You'll be able to scroll and then the picture is stuck like fixed position on the artboard. Yes. So, thank you for that question. Then for let's jump into prototyping. So, in prototyping I will go through the simpler prototyping and then we can dive into components later on as it's a little bit more complicated. But to understand prototyping, it basically allows you to link each of your pages to each other or basically let your buttons work. So on this working example, as you can see in this, if I present this, you'll be able to press on categories and it will navigate to the categories page. And if I click on favorites, it will navigate to the favorites page. So over here you'll be able to see that you will you will see this blue box that basically that basically signals that you have selected this artboard and this button here signifies that you can prototype it basically link it to the screen that you want it to lead to. But if you select the entire artboard it means that anywhere you click on the artboard will link to that page. So if you wanted to just make one element lead to the next the next page then you will have to select the element itself and then let me just demonstrate this with the shop. So it will it will look like this and then there would be an individual blue arrow over here and if you click on that you'll be able to adjust all these settings. So, if I wanted this shop to navigate to categories, for example, you will see that this let's think. Oops. You will see that this arrow follows links it to the artboard visually. So, if I were to adjust the destination, I could just drag this arrow over here and then it will it will be linked to this page. So now if I go into my preview and I click on shop, it will navigate to the categories page which we just linked. So if you wanted to delete it, you can just press the delete button or you can also adjust some animations. You can slide left and it will look like this. Slide left or you can slide down as well. And we just go into here. Yep. And then this allows you to have more freedom in how you want your transitions to roll. And at the same time, you might also want to adjust the triggers as well. So typically on a website or an app, you would be tapping more than you drag or use keys or voice, but those options are there if you need it. And the transition types are also important as autoan animate allows you to basically adjust readjust all the elements on the screen to neatly transition to the next screen. Sometimes it becomes a little strange. So you might need to use you might need to evaluate on that. As you can see if you go into if we press shop and then you can see these pictures jump into the squares. Sometimes a bit strange but at times it could be it could be useful. So do evaluate on that and then there are also other possibilities that you can adjust as well. So then this is basic the most basics of prototyping. So once you have understood prototyping you will be able to make the actual buttons. So on here let's just clear this. So, going back to our design page, let's make a button. And I will teach you how to make a component. So, let's just get rid of this grid line. So, I pressed R on my keyboard to instantly make a rectangle. And you can use these circular dots to adjust the curvatures of the corners. And or you can just adjust it by value over here. Yep. So, you can also adjust the colors and the shape of this shape. And you can also adjust the border colors and all that. So, let's just stick with this box for now. I'm also going to add some text that just says button. Wow, that's looks strange. Okay, so let's just pretend that this is our button. So with this button we want it to first guide us to some other page. So when we want to create components are basically you are able to kind of make some elements fixed. So for example buttons if you want to reuse this button you can just duplicate the component and if you change the main component then it will basically change the rest of its copies. So it will make more sense as I make the component. So if I click this component plus button over here it will make the component over here it says it has brackets main which means that this is the main component. You can also see that it's main because of this green diamond shaped symbol over here. It also means that it's the main component. So when you have a component, you have a different states. So state of a component basically just means that this button can have different versions of itself. So if I add an a hover state for example, it will just automatically animate to change to the hover state when I hover in my prototype. So in this hover state, if