# VIDEO: Workshop 1 : Adobe XD (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

here it says it has brackets main which means that this is the main component. You can also see that it's main because of this green diamond shaped symbol over here. It also means that it's the main component. So when you have a component, you have a different states. So state of a component basically just means that this button can have different versions of itself. So if I add an a hover state for example, it will just automatically animate to change to the hover state when I hover in my prototype. So in this hover state, if I selected the hover state and I wanted this button to change colors, let's just change it to blue for example and then and then change this text to white. In our preview, you'll be able to see that in the default. Okay. Once you hover, it will become blue. Yep. So you can see like this. So, if I were to make if I were to duplicate this component to reuse this style of a button, you can see that it becomes a white diamond with a green border. And it basically does the same thing, but you are able to change the text. So, button two, if you're able to you're able to change the text and it wouldn't touch the main component. However, it will like this thing that XD does, it wouldn't update the states all by itself. So, you may have to update it but kind of by yourself. But if you're in a main component and you want to change the text over here, I believe that you would be able to update it in the hover state as well. So if you wanted to if you have edited the child components which are basically the duplicates of the main component if you want it to become consistent again there is a button over here I'm not sure you can see okay it can say where is it here it can say reset to main state which will basically reset it to its original its original components. So it will follow the main component as much as you change it. So if I go three and then if I wanted to reset it to main state, it will become two again because it will follow the main component. So yes, that is components hover state. If you wanted it to be oops, if you wanted it to be a toggle which is over here. Basically toggles how toggles will work is you can press on it to toggle it like on and off. So over here, if I change the color again, if I change the color over here in the preview, you'll be able to toggle it on and toggle it off. So you can toggle the state on and off. , however, if you wanted to just have it be a hover state and then you link it to another page, how it would look like is okay. So, how you would how you would prototype this button is by going to the prototype page and then this lightning symbol basically just means that it has a hover state attached to it. You can just add a new link to by pressing this plus button and dragging it to the page that you want it to go to. So over here I will navigate it to our empty categories page and you will realize that you when you hover over it your mouse becomes a pointer and when you click into it will go into the categories page like so. Yes. So then that is kind of like the basics of components. You can add a bunch of different states as if you want to say prototype if you wanted to change if you wanted it to change to another like another state you can as well by okay let's say I wanted to add another new state so this is just another state that it will say like clicked let's have a clicked state in prototype. If you wanted to change the state itself, you can see that the interaction I wanted them to tap it and then and then I wanted it to move into its own state. So how this would work is if you press on the button, it will go to the new state instead of moving to the next page. So that is also an option that you can make with components. And this is kind of just the basics of the components. Is there anything else? I think that is all for components. Yes. So let's move on to sharing. So for sharing I will demonstrate how this will look like. For sharing. >> See, before you go, sorry, before you go with the sharing, can you remind me again with the >> categories one and favorites one that you made here. So I see that search button all the timing and you know it's kind of a symbol of exactly what we can see in our mobile application because I'm coming from the science background. So I just I'm interested to know all of those component is going to be designed in that categories by adding the boxes and all of those symbols before you go to the prototype and connect them together. That's how this is going to be assembled. So each single item a text and everything that is there you add it. >> Yes. , so there are also this thing called UI kits that you'll be able to find online if you just Google UI kits and there's like a bunch of different resources. But what I like to use personally is I have a plugin over here called icons for design. So how you can plug in is by pressing this plus button over here to discover plugins and it should open up your Adobe app. , hang on. Okay. So, it should open your Adobe Creative Cloud and >> your Adobe Creative Cloud and you would have >> Yeah, I know that sometimes Oh, okay. You got it. >> Yeah. Okay. Yes. Sorry. Yeah. So, I just clicked discover plugin and it just popped up my Adobe Creative Cloud tab. And basically there's just a lot of different plugins you can choose from, but I really like to use icons for design. So let me just go back to the example. So if I were to click icons for design, you can see that let me just search magnifying glass or just search. So if you click search, there is a bunch of available icons for you to choose from. So you don't have to design everything all by yourself. You just have to >> arrange it into like arrange the assets into where you want it to go. So in terms of this time and Wi-Fi symbols and all, I believe they're taken from the iOS UI kits and actually in this workshop example like this workshop assets page, you will have all these UI kits available. Please contact Adobe Hub because I do not have the current updated link. Hopefully you would be able to have access to that in the near future. But you would be able to create recreate the search bar easily. Let me just demonstrate. You could use an the R key once again in the design path. The R key to make a bar and then you can curve the sides using these blue circles. And then let me just drag this search bar over here. So you can have this search icon and you can change the color of it as well. So if I wanted it to be gray, I can have it gray over here. And then I wanted it to search. So I can have a search. I can also have it in gray in color. I can also change the font to whatever I want. And I can make it smaller to fit into this box right here. So if you wanted to align your objects as well, this also quite useful to know, but you might be familiar with this with from other Adobe apps. But you'll be able to align your elements using these symbols up here. So if I click this, they will all align on the top of the edge or they can all centrally align or align on the bottom edge or this one is called distribution. So if I were to distribute these objects, how it would look like is if I had a lot of search and if I wanted to make them all neat, I can align them straight and have them to have equal spacing between them, then this is what this is for. So this is just the horizontal alignments and this is the vertical alignments. Yeah. So it's you can easily make a search bar.