# VIDEO: Workshop 1 : Adobe XD (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

and you'll be able to constrain it into a small box and then your viewers would be able to like scroll around and explore within the box itself. Yes, I think those are all the main functions. Others are quite easy to figure out. So yeah, so I would just like to also state that if you ever need more help hang on, let me just move to the Adobe to our presentation. Yes to our >> that would be informative for students who are looking for more advanced or if you are going to practice considering what's share with you today. So that was just the introduction to Adobe XD and all the features available to you. So once you experience and learn by practice. So you are welcome to come back get an appointment with the Adobe coaches and >> yeah so feel free to visit the Adobe hub. Apologies for this image resolution, but if you would like to get more information and basically learn more about all the Adobe apps, you can visit us Adobe Hub on level 3 of the library and from Tuesdays to Thursdays from 11:00 a. M. To 2 p. M. There should be Adobe coach over there to help you out with any Adobe apps. And you can also book us like book a session or book a coach using this link down here or you can also follow our Instagram up here or send us an email if you have any questions and yeah we hope to see you soon and good all the best for your design for change competition. Thank you so much Ze for your valuable time sharing your experience considering you're the student in a design that's kind of a peer-to-peer support to students and I love this type of the partnership between educators between the students between us educators and the students. So yeah, as he mentioned, we would love to you know get feedback from you and if you are interested to share your idea, your design idea to any challenge that could be aligned with our vision make the world a better place to live. Please be in contact with us. So as I mentioned the live showcase will be in week 13. I'm sure if there is an assignment, if there is an activity you're involved that should be completed by that time, don't hesitate to contact us. The next training will be Adobe Express video to help you to create 4minut video. Thank you so much everyone. >> Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. Thank you.