# VIDEO: Workshop 1 : Adobe XD (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

Hi everyone. So this is the first workshop for design for change. I'm Z and I'm joined by Vita who is the senior lecturer in microbio bio microbial technology and will and I'm Adobe digital coach representing Adobe hub and we would be running this workshop as part of the design for change competition and let me just acknowledge the country. We respectfully acknowledge the wary people of the clination who are the traditional owners of the land on which Shimburn's Australian campuses are located and we pay our respect to their elders past, present and emerging. We also acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of islands of the lands across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. So as soon students we get free access to Adobe Creative Cloud and we get to access all their apps for free. And in this workshop we will be introducing the design for change 2024 and we'll also introduce Adobe XD demonstrate its key functions saving and testing your prototype and where you can learn more. So on here I would pass it to Vita to explain the design for change 2024. >> Thank you Z. I just now have to if you can please stop sharing then I go and start sharing. Okay. So good afternoon everyone and welcome to the first workshop of the design for change 2024. I just bring the slide. Z can you confirm if you see the slide? >> Yes. >> Yeah. All right. So I guess we are a group of the educators at Swimburn from multidiscipline you know majors and we are offering this shaping STEM futures program which coming under different competitions and today is we are targeting the one that is design for change which is a prototyping competition. What would be the aim of us working with this you know competition and all of this training. We are hoping to support our students to improve their communication and technical progress through this collaborative multidisiplinary project. And we would love to consider that as a 4-minute video which is pitched to the which will be pitched to the industry supervisor sorry the industry collaborate partners. So it's in fact you are irregardless of where what is your major you're going to practice acting as a kind of an inter entrepreneur so sharing your idea. So that way we hoping students to be empowered with a digital literacy and u you are going to these are the required and special skills for your future careers and that is how you're going to be involved with the you know community engagement and industry contributions. Again these are all essential for your future career and these are kind of providing the evidence to your potential interview in future. So what is the final product in the design for change or any of these competitions that ST shaping stem futures offer is a 4minut video. So the audience every time is going to be dead. So this time for design for change we are targeting as I mentioned the industry partner or someone who is interested in your idea. Let's say you are coming with a digital prototype a website or a mobile application as a design solution to a challenge and you want to pitch it to the investors to you know invest in your idea. How you are going to do it? How you come with this design solution in 4 minute? It's a challenge. That's why we would like to offer this opportunity to the students. If this is your assignment or if this is your you know something that you are passionate about it or this is your research you're coming to your prototype is going to unpack a challenge which is aligned with our vision make the world a better place to live. So and it's you can imagine it's capture all of your topics. So our collaborators we have a industry partner who are going to be a one of the judge member during the live showcase for the selected best 4minut videos. So insurance Australian group I A so we have our Swimburn University of Technology Sarak canvas our students competing between from here Australia and Sarowak we have our employability team Adobe team design factory team emerging leaders program and of course we have our collaborative Swimburn woman in STEM club. So who we are? We are a three of us again Kaslan who is a department chair of computing technology at Simburn myself I'm a senior lecturer right now I'm working with the work integrated learning wheel academic but I'm coming from school of science so and of course Irene from Sarowak who is also a senior lecturer from school of engineering and science So again like any competitions there is a judging criteria for you to consider but it's about how you're going to identify a challenge and how you are going to your design is coming to explain coming with the solution and how that is going to how you deliver the content and how you take us through this some steps of your design solution as a like a prototype. It could be a physical prototype, it could be a digital prototype. So and then you know the clarity of communication and the delivery of that it's very important in a format of 4 minute video. So the sorry this has to be changed 2024. So we already had our design for CH 2024 3. So anyway, this is open to all the port participants and competitor competitors from Swimburn and we have this is Adobe XD. We have Adobe Express video because we want you to you know how to create 4minute video. That is an option. You don't have to use Adobe application but that is our suggestion because we have Adobe coaches or amazing Adobe coaches who can support you. So we also have a guest speaker from our industry partner IG to cover the startup pitch presentation because again if you're coming from different discipline you don't know how to pitch your idea in front of investors then that is the training for you. So you are going to submit a 300 words around identifying the outline of your design to myself by 20th of May. Your video submission is going to be a kind of a 4m minute startup video on your design idea by 27th of May. If this is your assignment, I'm sure by that time you already have this assignment ready. And again this is a competition for 2024 and the live showcase is going to happen on Thursday 30th of May. You will be invited if you're select if your video is selected to be judged by our judges who are coming from you know factory of design who are coming from the wheel team and also from industry. So, the judge's choice price is up to 400 bucks for four minute video. You're going to get a certificate of participation and you're going to get a credit as part of the emerging latest program. If you don't know what is it, you can ask me, send me an email. I will explain. And of course, the story of success will be published at Swimburn newsletter for a winner of 2024. So if you're interested, you can just you know grab this QR code and go to the story of success of air fun who was the winner in 2023. It's a great story and yeah for any concern or question please just be in contact with me. So I guess I would like to stop sharing and I pass to Z to cover the Adobe XD training. Thank you Z. >> Thank you VA beta. That was a great presentation. I will share my screen to introduce to everyone Adobe XD. So just to reiterate if you're a student at Swimburn you will have access free access to Adobe Creative Cloud apps. So this is how XD looks like. I'm a UX student so all my projects are down here but underneath here you will find all your recent projects and over here you can explore your files what's shared with you and all that and then over here you'll be able to see preset artboard sidelit. So let's try to click into one and you would be able to see something like this. Hang on let me just reshare the new window. Yep. So if I clicked into a web 1920 basically kind of a typical average website size you'll be able to see the first artboard which is the side that you have chosen. So if you want to add like different layout sizes you can go into artboards here and then you can choose a bunch of different other different sizes. So on the left we have the sidebar contains a select tool, shapes, pen tool, text, artboards, and even a