# VIDEO: Workshop 1 : Adobe XD (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

and you would be able to see something like this. Hang on let me just reshare the new window. Yep. So if I clicked into a web 1920 basically kind of a typical average website size you'll be able to see the first artboard which is the side that you have chosen. So if you want to add like different layout sizes you can go into artboards here and then you can choose a bunch of different other different sizes. So on the left we have the sidebar contains a select tool, shapes, pen tool, text, artboards, and even a search bar. And down here we have the document assets, layers, and plugins. Up here we have a home button, a design screen, which is your working space. And we also have a prototype tab where we will go into this further into the workshop. But in the prototype tab, you will be able to add interactions. So, making your website clickable and hover adding hover animations and things like that. And then on the shared page, when you have more screens, you'll be able to share this with your peers and your like to share as a link to share your prototype over here. So, I'm going to open our demo and just going to show you what it looks like. Okay, please give me one second. Yep. So, here is just like a demo of a workshop example. You can just have a look at I'm not sure whether you may be able to see this. >> Oh yes. >> So yeah. So if you if you have access to this page, we might need to double check with that, but you can contact Adobe Hub and we can pass you this workshop example if you would like. But let me just demonstrate for you the capabilities of XD. If you play basically kind of prototype this is an app. So if you prototype an app and then you want to demonstrate how it looks like this is you can you can be able to see how this would work. So in an app you have like a sticky navigation bar you can scroll and you can like access different pages and things like that. And then typically you can add more interactions if you want. You can press these pictures and everything you want. So let's get into it. So I want to demonstrate to you how all the very basics of XD. We have kind of a limited time. So I'll try to cover everything. So if you command or control and click and drag, you'll be able to zoom in or zoom out or use your space bar to pan across your workspace. So that's easy. And in this workspace, you'll be able to see different art boards. So, like I mentioned earlier, you're able to add different screen sizes of artboards if you just click on this artboard icon right here. And or you can also just copy like copy this size by holding option key or alt on a windows and then you'll be able to get a new artboard the size of the one that you just duplicated. So, we would I would like to introduce plugins. , I think mostly you would be able to use icons or even Lauram ipsson. Lauram Ipsson basically placeholder text. So if you if you click this, you can just any I need the text box. If you have a text box and you want to fill it with placeholder text, you can just click place f placeholder text. Oh, I'm not working. Hang on. So you can just insert a text and it should be able to fill in Lauram Ipsson for you. And so in your artboards you are able to use guides. So if you're familiar with other Adobe apps, you would be able to drag in guides from the sides. Hang on. You'll be able to drag in guides to align your design. And these will basically be blue lines. And if you want to align your objects, it will be much easier if you have guides and just keep it consistent and everything. If you want to remove the guides, you can just drag it off that artboard and it'll be gone. So, there are different capabilities you can do on this tab right here. So, here you'll be able to draw shapes. And you can change their settings over here depending on the item you have selected. For example, if you have text, they will have different functions on the right panel. So just to go through on the text panel, you have transform, which is moving the element. So you can adjust yourself where the x-axxis would be. So if you wanted it to be 50 pixels from the left corner, the left edge, then you can just input that your numbers over here or you can just drag it however you want. And there would also be numbers showing up as pink text over here just to let you know how far away it is from the edge or from other items if you just click alt key or option key on a Mac and you'll be able to see the distance between other elements. So you are able to change the font of the text as well as the size as well as whether you want it to be all caps, all small letters or sentence case as well as superscript, subscript, underline, strike through. And over here you'll be able to add you'll be able to change the colors of the text as well as adding a border which will add it around the text the text itself. So after that you'll be able to customize the text however you want and do it as much as you want to respond to your design needs. So the next thing I would go through is repeat grids. So over here there is a button called repeat grid right here on the right corner. So what repeat grid helps you do is seamlessly add allow you to add your duplicate your elements symmetrically on like horizontally or vertically. So you would be able to drag however many boxes in this case you want across your page and you can even adjust the gutter space by dragging the space in between and then adjusting it yourself. Or you can also or you can also just like adjust your own parent shape and then you can add different things inside and it will it will just like respond and duplicate itself. So then after that I would go through the artboard heights. So let's just leave it here for now. So, as you can see, this is one screen. So, this would fit perfectly on one of the screens. I believe it might be iPhone 14. And you would be able to drag this artboard to allow for vertical scrolling. Please be aware that this blue line right here marks the end of the screen. And please do not move it or else it would change the resolution basically the screen size of your starting your starting like page. So if you allow it to just flow on while keeping the blue line there you'll be able to allow for scrolling. Let me just demonstrate. So I would put this past the blue line and then if you if you play you would be able to scroll and see the content. However, if you move the blue line it would just it would adjust this whole screen size itself without kind of responding to any mobile size. So yes, so that's one very important thing to keep in mind. And on the prototype as I mentioned before you have sticky navigation. So this is also one of the options on the right hand side. You may have seen the fixed position when scrolling. So this is a button where you can click to fix the element on the screen. So if I turn this off, you would be able to see that it follows the page and doesn't stick at the bottom section. So if you turn it on, it would it would stick wherever you want on this screen and then just hold its place while you allow for vertical scrolling. Yes. So if you want you can play around, you can pause this recording and play around with shapes and art boards. And then once you have a wireframe ready, you may you may want to decorate it, add images. You can add images by making a box over here. You can make a box. And then under fill, you can also add it here. You can add color like linear gradients, angular gradients and all that. Or you can also drag the image. If you're on a Mac, you can just drag the image into the