all align on the top of the edge or they can all centrally align or align on the bottom edge or this one is called distribution. So if I were to distribute these objects, how it would look like is if I had a lot of search and if I wanted to make them all neat, I can align them straight and have them to have equal spacing between them, then this is what this is for. So this is just the horizontal alignments and this is the vertical alignments. Yeah. So it's you can easily make a search bar. You can basically finish this within 5 seconds. Then you can copy and paste this into your other your other pages as well. However, I also suggest that if you wanted to keep this consistent, you can make this a component like we like we discussed earlier. And if you press if you go into favorites and then you have the search bar duplicated across this. If I wanted to change this text, what are you looking for? And then just update it. You can see that all these components have updated as well. So you don't have to go into each page and just copy and paste like repeating the process. You can change it however you want to. But just make sure that if you do touch this, you will have to reset it back to the main state because it will just detach itself from the main component. >> Yeah. So, yeah, thank you. So, do you have any other questions? I think I've gone through kind of a crash course of all that. Seeing as we are kind of in a time crunch, I will go through the share function. So on the share tab, you can see that all of these all of my artboards have been selected in blue. And if I were to send this link, basically the receiver will be able to open the link on the on their like on the web browser and they would be able to see all of my artboards. So I can edit the link name over here. I can have a view setting. There are different view settings. There is a design review which you can just see all your artboards and how it works and all that. And there are also different ways you can share your work as well for developers, presentation, user testing or customizing the viewing experience. And you can also adjust your link access permissions with these selections over here. And then once you create the link, you will be able to you'll be able to select like a copy the link and then send it to people you want to share it with. Yeah. So it's just creating the public link for now. It will take some time as there are a lot of assets but while it's doing that yeah so here is the link that you can just copy add it to the hands and all that. So another thing you might be interested in is to share a flow. So a flow is what you get when you have prototyped when you have prototyped a series of pages that are linked to each other. So you can see that in here all the prototyping lines are all connected among these three artboards whereas none of them are connected to here. So no element is going to navigate to any artboard outside of these three. So what you can do is you can see this gray tab over here. If you press on this gray tab, it will mark this as a homepage. So the first the first screen as a homepage and it will label itself flow one. So basically it will only share these three artboards and all the artboards that are connected to the homepage and all these this experience basically it will basically just only share these three artboards and if you go into share it would also create a link automatically for you as flow one. So, as you can see, it only selected flow one because if this is what you want to share with your client or developers and you don't want them to see your other artboards that may not be relevant to your most updated project, then you may choose to share the flow. So, it would just share your final screen and anything that is interactive within those screens. So same thing you can just create the link and then if you share the link the receiver will only be able to see these artboards >> and you will have to update the link after you make any changes to your to your prototype or else it wouldn't be accessible like your newer updates would not be accessible to your receivers. So yes anything else? Yes. So that's all for sharing and yeah honestly a lot of these functions are quite self-explanatory. You would be able to use these tools on other Adobe apps as well and you would be able to create elements on other Adobe apps and copy paste it into XD and I believe it should be able to respond properly and you can find out with find out more plugins as well to aid you in simpler design process so you can save some time on making the elements and just use these icons for free. And over here I think I could also show you these are the document assets. So you will have a whole page full of components and if you look over here there should be some components right here. You can see your collection of components over here. And if you wanted to duplicate this main component, you can just drag it onto the artboard and it will it will duplicate the main component for you. And then on the layers, I think here, yep, on the artboards, you will be able to see all your artboards currently available for you. And if you click into Yep. If you click into here, you'll be able to see, it will open up the page, the artboard, and then you can see specifically your layers. So you can see what is you can just adjust what is on the backmost layer and what is on the front most. So yeah, so this is all quite tangible for you to easily design. And there are also a ton of different functions over here varying depending on the element that you have chosen. So responsive resizing is also a kind of a whole topic in of itself. You may find more help from Adobe Hub if you would like more information on responsible resizing I mean responsive resizing and which basically means you'll be able to access your prototype on both laptop screen, mobile screen and all that with ease. And yeah, so it has a automatic responsive resize, but you could also change it yourself if you have unique elements that need to be pushed a certain way to fit your screen. And yeah, so different components will have like different layout setting, different appearance setting and then you can experiment on your own by just making different shapes and experimenting by clicking everything. And I think one of the most important functions as well could also be this button, these buttons right here. I believe some designers may not be very familiar with these buttons, but this is basically a constraint of scrolling. So if I had if I had a repeat grid over here, if I had a repeat grid over here, but I wanted it to be vertically scrollable, you will realize that in a preview you wouldn't be able to scroll it vertically. I mean horizontally scrolling it. So how you would tackle that situation is you would press this scrolling function. So it's called scroll groups and you can basically constrain it to the edges of your screen and then it will be able to scroll horizontally. So if you have a slideshow or anything like that, this scroll group function may be very useful. So in terms of this square, it basically allows you to constrain all edges. So you'll be able to navigate around your scroll group as this is like a bigger element and you'll be able to constrain it into a small box and then your viewers would be able to like scroll around and explore within the box itself. Yes, I think those are all the main functions. Others are quite easy to figure out. So yeah, so I would just like to also state that if you ever need more help hang on, let me just move to the Adobe to our presentation. Yes to our >> that would be informative for students who are looking for more advanced or if you are going to practice considering what's share with