you all worked really, really hard on your work and , as someone who has had some experience in developing videos. It's not easy, especially when you're dealing with a time limit. So, well done to everybody. We will note that no one had points deducted for being too far over time. So, , great work on the editing piece. What Nicola and I wanted to be able to do to keep things sort of nice and compact. Obviously the details of the feedback which are in our score sheets on the individual level, but we thought what we might do is give some general feedback about what we think makes a great submission. Some of you did these things and some of you could improve on these things. And then we'd like to give an honorable mention to the second place. And then we'd like to announce the winner if that's all right. Great. Okay. So, general feedback understanding that you know this is a this is a brief submission u but that it's on YouTube and Nicola and I were both talking about how under qualified we feel in a science space to be able to scrutinize the actual content of the science component of the work that you've done. , this is just some general feedback about what makes a great submission when you're dealing with an audience that doesn't know very much about the topic that you're presenting. So, thing number one is include your solution in the title of your submission. Some of you did this and it makes for a more memorable submission. Number two is accessibility matters subtitles are a great idea on your videos. Two of you did it and you know congratulations to those of you who made that extra effort. Very good idea. Number three try and explain your key points especially the more complex ones with visuals with detailed visuals. Nicola and I were talking about how impactful facts and figures are. We can hear facts and figures well enough but they're more memorable if you display them. So think about that when you're providing statistics. Providing them as a visual when you're speaking to them is always really good. And then the final piece, oh so Nicola had some notes around tone. Try and think about your favorite radio presenter or your favorite podcaster. When you think about the tone of voice that you use just to make your submissions just slightly more engaging and entertaining. Takes a little bit of effort and practice, but it's worth it. And then the final thing is include a call to action. Remember that your audience is here to do something the result of what you're submitting. So I you know go for more information here. Contact your local congress person. Send an email. Sign up for this for this opportunity. It makes for a really a great thing. Again, some of you did these things and we want to congratulate you generally for doing these really good things within your submissions. Nicola, do you have anything to add that I missed out there? No, but I do want to reiterate that was quite blown away with the content and the initiatives that were presented today and also not from a science background but find it very fascinating in its ability to address complex problems and find innovative solutions. So really blown away probably go back and watch the videos for a second time to do them a bit more justice. But just hats off to you all for showing the initiative to engage in this program and thank you Celia for taking the lead on that. >> No worries. Okay. So we might move on to first the honorable mention and then to the final winner. So we'd like to give an honorable mention to submission number four, the lights of the Malayan Tiger. , one of the things that this group did which did a really good thing that no one else did was the humor aspect. , if you can make your audience laugh, they're more likely to remember what you've had to say and you did a wonderful job there. Also, you really personalized it by putting your faces on camera. It's a scary thing to do, but if you're willing to do it again, it's more memorable and engaging. Remember, your audiences also have faces and they're look they're used to looking at other faces at the same time. More likely to pay attention to if they're looking at another phase. So, it was an excellent submission. You all did really well and it was it was fun to have a little bit of a giggle while watching a video on a very important topic. So, well done to group number four. >> Okay, so virtual drum roll for the winner. I would like to point out that this particular submission for the scores that we looked at this was unanimous. All of us independently agreed that this submission was the very best. We also all did it without comparing notes in advance. So I hope you all accept that this is a very fair process that we went through and thank you to bitter and to the group for providing us with a very rigorous process for judging. So the winner is submission number seven. Glow-in-the-dark lighting the future with bioluminescent trees. , just a few notes on the on the wonderful job that was done here. It was an excellent concept. I got goosebumps thinking about glow-in-the-dark trees. Nicar and I had a brief chat about what a what a wonderful idea this is and how amazing a concept it is. I want to see these trees on my street as soon as possible, please. , the great excellent use of snaps. >> Could we get some? >> Sorry. Can we just make sure that everyone turn off your audio? >> Oops. >> I just muted somebody. That seems to have worked. Over to you, Celia. >> Okay, thank you. >> I'm sure Muhammad is just as excited as I am about the results. , so an excellent use of stats. The imagery, , the explanation of the technology involved was beautifully done. Really, really beautifully done. , excellent pacing. The concept was so well explained again for people like for people like me who don't understand the technology all so well I feel like I could explain it to somebody else and I noticed there were there was some use of AI generated images that were just wonderful to look at just a fantastic concept on behalf of Nicola and myself and the other judges this is this is spectacular work congratulations and well done >> a great Thank >> was fabulous. >> Thank you so much. Thank you so much. >> 30 seconds, do you want to share your points after hearing all of this feedback, your feeling? >> Okay, first of all, I would like to thank all of y'all especially Miss Gita because I actually went to her for a different reason and we started chatting on LinkedIn and all that and she told me about this opportunity and I was like why not give it a try since I was also in my break. So I just did it. I don't know. I always had this idea in my mind like oh my god what if you know we had glowing lights everywhere because in Malaysia there's a lot of you know lights decorated on the trees but what if it's naturally glowing. So I had a very good idea and I'm also doing biotechnology. So you know the genetic engineering the crisp art technology and all that is something that I've learned. So that is why this idea came into my mind. But thank you so much for your very nice review. Thank you so much. Thank you for spending your time and sharing your passion and innovative idea with us. I would like to invite everyone to turn on your Oh, we I get excited. Castlan, people's choice. We had 43 votes for the people's choice. Kelan, who is the winner of >> We now have 70 votes. >> Oh, wow. Okay. 70 votes. >> I don't know. Well it seems like okay yes you want to share this me to share or just announce it >> we trust you Kaslan let's just announce it I hope that is not centa because that is not going to be the case >> it is >> wow okay >> I can I can show the results basically to those who are still logged in >> okay >> yeah I mean that is lovely that for the very first time we have a people's choice and judging choice to be the same person but I would like to invite Sanja if you give us the permission I give that title