Start talking 2024. Welcome everyone and I guess this slide is a bit of the housekeeping. So this session is going to be recorded and if you can please add your student ID and please make sure that you turn off your audio and video and please make sure that once we invite you to share your video the in case of the group entry please sub be ready to share your video with the audio and of course we are going to have a slido and a cahoot questions once our judges are going to make a decision. So this is very intensive session. We have nine videos to be watched and we aim to manage in 45 minutes. So that means we only have up to 30 seconds or max one minute for one question from the judges or a comment or feedback. So before I start inviting the students, I would like to go to begin by acknowledging the war people of the K nation as the traditional owners of the land on which we are u meeting today and I also would like to consider indigenous people of Malaysia. We pay our respects to the eldest past, present and emerging. Before we start, we would like to have an idea about how do you think is import how important is communication for your career. So you have 30 seconds to or you could you know take this QR code and answer the question. So we give you 30 seconds and then I would like to invite Castelon to share the answers with us. >> Great. >> Aslan, can you see that the answers are coming? >> Yes. Yes. >> Thank you. I'll just give maybe now 20 seconds for us to understand the importance of communication especially where we are going to work whether this is the study whether it's communication with your peers with your supervisor or you are at work your internship your placement so could you please share with us that how many percentage age of our students or audience agree with A or B and C and which one is the maximum percentage? >> Okay, at the moment we have A at still moving. So we have A at 89%. >> Beautiful. >> And B at 11%. >> Beautiful. Okay. So I guess most of us are in the same page that we know that communication is important and you want to do you know more tips and more advice so then you can improve it and that's why you are here in a start talking. So we have nine competitors today and you might plan to come and join us in the start talking 2025 just to improve your communication. With a broader audience. So the star talking is a public speaking competition at Swimburn. We invite your family members, your friends from across different disciplines to be the witness of your video which is coming with a clear message on an innovative idea to unpack a challenge and of course with the social impact. So just quickly after I finish the slides I invite the first competitors to share the video and we have four minutes for each video and as I said because we have limited time we are going to keep it very short for a one question or one feedback or comment from one of the amazing judges that we have today and then the judges will be in the breakout rooms to make a decision. Of the judges choice for 2024 and at the same time in the main room we are playing a cohort question based on the video and we are going to have a QR code again with the slido to choose the people's choice and then by 6:00 p. M. We are going to announce the winner and of course we are going to have a one screenshot photo as a memory of today's start talking 2024 with the smile. All right. So I guess three of us from across two campuses here in Simburn in Australia. Myself and Keslan and Irene from Sarave. We are running this program since 2019 and we have our amazing collaborators from LTU at Swimburn career and employability team, insurance Australia group Barundra City Council, Sowak colleagues and of course we have the Royal Society of Victoria and of course the passionate students and our mentors. So today the judging panel we are going to have Nick and Celia in the room and Mike and Adam they already shared their feedbacks with us in the online scoring. So and this is our finalist. So we have six group that they have a group entry for the 4m minute video and we have three individual entry. So with this I would like to stop sharing and invite the first group to start sharing your video and that would be >> so Sal I think it's your team are going to be the first team if you can please share your video. With the full screen. >> Hello everyone, we are Aqua Sustain and we will be talking about the incentivizing water efficiency. Before we start, I'd like to introduce our team. My name is Virginia and my teammates are Kartiga, Zunide, Ted and Iscanda. The contents of our video will consist of an introduction, challenges, solutions and conclusion. I will be explaining shortly about our focus which is the social innovation challenge on incentivizing water efficiency the difficulty of encouraging individuals and industries to prioritize it. Our SIC is based on sustainable development goals number six target 6. 4 enhancing water use efficiency by 2030 ensuring sustainable freshwater withdrawals and combat water scarcity which eventually reduces the people affected by it. Our project focuses on Sarawa where most rural areas are facing lack of clean water resources. What encouraged our curiosity was Kong Payawang. The water filtration was built in 2014. Yet in 2024, they still need to fix the system from time to time. Not to mention it takes a 40minute walk to the filter. The filter is made out of basic filtration method and it takes a lot of manpower to clean it every two weeks. Our example of the issue that we are likely to face for water management is an issue that we currently facing in Saawa which is the constant delays of water projects 12 to be exact with a completion rate of 51. 9% and a total of 1. 6 billion ringit costing for 36 in both Saba and Sarowak over 32,000 households being affected especially in the rural areas the situation was already dire in 2014 as it was reported that the Sab River was drying up causing less water supplies for the locals. Now we are to talk about the interruption of water projects. Hindrance to water projects arise from lengthy pre-contract processes like hiring consultants and institutional inefficiencies such as slow tender evaluations and policy shifts. COVID 19 disrupted supply chains and schedules. Local protests, poor contractor performance, unreliable data and competing water demands complicated the progress. Misallocated funds and political influence further delayed these projects. >> Now the question arises, how can we tackle this issue? In our project, we explore membrane technology as a potential solution to water challenges in Sarawak. Focusing on two main types, traditional membrane technology and gravitydriven membrane systems. So, this is what a gravitydriven membrane looks like. The GDM system offers key benefits for rural areas by being energy efficient, using gravity instead of electricity, and maintaining consistent water flow, which lowers operational costs. Its biological layer helps purify water and with granular activated carbon p treatment it enhances water quality making it suitable for decentralized supplies. However, GDM systems face limitations such as limited ability to remove dissolved organic carbon and potential membrane fouling that requires maintenance. High costs for ceramic materials and issues with particle clogging also pose challenges along with technical hurdles to achieve optimal performance. So why do we choose GDM? GDM technology ensures sustainable water access and aligns perfectly the goals of SG6 to improve water availability in undeserved communities. The issue is saw this sad delay water projects is not that it's not that people don't have water but rather there's no clean water for them. So we choose GDM to treat rain water as a solution. It is suitable due to its low energy requirement as it mainly uses gravity and minimum maintenance is required. Meaning less operational costs effective for rainy countries due to its anti- turbility and microgressence features decentralized system and affordable all things that are suitable for rural communities. Thank you. If you can stop sharing just considering the time if you agree I think we could just share the feedback at the end. Nick and Celia is that okay? >> That's okay. >> Yes, I think that's a good idea. >> Beautiful. I would like to invite the microplastic