if early childhood education could ignite a lifelong love for science in every child, starting with the natural world they already explore? What if we find a way to spark their scientific curiosity using what they already love, like Legos, dinosaurs, pirates, and vehicles? Imagine teaching biology in a way that's fun, attractive, and memorable. Biological science is at the heart of understanding life itself. Yet, in Australia, it's often overshadowed by other subjects. Here's the reality. Australian students from foundation to year 8 have access to almost 50% less science content than students in high performing countries such as England and America. Critical topics like cells, the human body, disease, as well as ecosystems are covered briefly or not at all. Imagine an approach where biology isn't just taught but experienced through dynamic, multimodal, and gamebased learning. This research introduces a fresh approach to early biological science education, integrating interactive tools and co-design resources that brings science concepts to life. Through gamification, children not only play but learn core biological principles like ecosystems, energy, and even the invisible word of germs. By allowing children to explore biology in ways that are tactic, visual, and interactive, we are providing them with the tools to reason about the unseen. Like the spread of germs or the cycles of nature, all while having fun. By incorporating game-based learning, children can use what they love to deep dive into topics that are often overlooked in early education. They're not just playing, they're learning biological science that will form the foundation for future understanding. This isn't just education. It's empowerment. Together, we can build a future where early learners don't just memorize facts, but develop a deep, lasting understanding of the biological world around them. Thank you so much. I guess again I would like to say that we are so proud of you with this video production and your innovative idea. I think you're the reason that we love our job and we are passionate about what we are doing. So now I would like to invite Nick and Celia to join the breakout rooms to make a decision and it's set for you to come back at any time that you're ready to announce the winner based on your the judges choice. So I will invite I don't know if it's working. It's working. >> Beautiful. Okay. Now, meanwhile, we are the judges are going to make a decision. I would like to share this QR code again. So if you can please scan this QR code that helps you to cast you please confirm that I'm presenting the QR code. >> Yes. >> Yes. Yes. You are you are >> beautiful. Yeah. Can you please this is for the audience. If you are going to scan this QR code that will give you the access to these nine videos and that will help you to nominate your winner and the people's choice also going to receive a prize. So I'm going to stop in few seconds because I would like to invite Sam to share the cahoot questions again that is for the audience that's for you and you will receive a gift. Okay, I'm going to stop sharing. Sam, would you mind to just share the cahoot questions so we can go quickly through six question which is basically based on the nine videos that you watch. So that is for the audience. It's not for the competitors because you have a you know at least you know the answer of one question which is your video. If you can please I would like to invite the audience preferably not the competitors but you are welcome you all are welcome to join us to scan the QR code or open the cahoot question with this pin number we give you let's say okay good As soon as I see the name that means that we are in a process. So we give you let's say 10 seconds to join. Okay. So they count down. Three, two, and one. Let's start. Sam, you can make a little bit of the volume to break the silence. That's good. Let's move on to the next question. The correct answer also the speed of your answering it's critical. Okay, thank you Scopeboard. Let's move on to the next question. So we are testing if you watch these nine videos which they all inspiring idea to unpack the challenge they introduce. If you learn Thank you scoreboard. What was the name of the program that was recognized by UNESCO and it was in one of the video that we watch to improve the digit digital literacy. Thank you. And thank you scoreboard. You're on the top. And the last one, the primary advantage of using green silver nanop particle in drug delivery. And now we are coming third place. And the second place and the first place as we may know we if you are one of the audience or one of the competitors. So if you can confirm you are not a competitors add your email address in the chat so we can we are going to be in contact with you. So please share your email address. Oh you are the competitor. So how about the second and the third one? If you are the competitors then we go with the V. So if you can please the second place and the third place if you can tell us that you are the competitor then we go with the first one. Okay now you all are competitors then we go with we. Congratulation. Just I'm going to write my email address. Please be in contact with me. So and make sure I think would like to ask Casselyn how's the do I need to share the QR code for the people's choice? We have 43 votes. >> Okay, sounds good. So we already have 43 votes. So that is the full house vote which we can be confident that you are part of this decision beside our judges. So, I'm going to stop sharing and I see if we have our So, the judges are still in the back room. I think I've set it for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, we are waiting for them. I give them another 60 seconds. I would like to make sure that wherever you are, please make sure that we are going to have a screenshot with those who are willing to share their video. So I want you to test if you can turn on your video because our judges are coming and soon after that we are going to take a photo. So, and that is going to be with your permission is going to be a post in the LinkedIn to share the story of tonight. So, of course congratulation to all of the nine competitors if you are here as an audience. So we are going to share these videos and ex the story of success of the winner and that might be something that you would like to consider in for start talking competition in 2025. That means that you need to be reflect on your video and the skills and what challenge you would like to choose. If it's that's part of your passion or it's the your research and it could be for in any discipline. This is open to all the students with any discipline. If you're coming from business, engineering, , design, art, , science, this is all about your voice and how you're going to share the knowledge. I can see the judges are here. So, I'm going to invite and I think maybe Celia, is that you or Nick had a chance? Nick, thank you so much. I know that you have to leave and I promise this is going to be in one hour but now >> I'm handing over to Celia and she's going to make me look good. >> Beautiful. >> I'll do my very best. >> Thank you so much. All yours. So we are going to hear about your feedback and of course the bill starts 2024. Very exciting moment. Thanks, Peter. And thank you so much for everyone who made a submission today. , on behalf of Nicola and myself, we were just so impressed with everybody's submission. It's clear that you all worked really, really hard on your work and , as someone who has had some experience in developing videos. It's not easy, especially when you're dealing with a time limit. So, well done to everybody. We will note that no one had points deducted for being too far over time. So, , great work on the editing piece. What Nicola and I wanted to be able to do to keep things sort of nice and compact. Obviously the details of the feedback which are in our score sheets on the individual level, but we thought what we might