# VIDEO: Interdisciplinary Insights: Bridging media and STEM Making a podcast. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

it by ear a little bit. I'd say I'd recommend putting the volume maybe on half over here and then being able to play it by ear. That's going to give you a good reference to what it'll actually sound like. And go around and play with the audio levels a little bit and see what's the best combination. All right. So >> sorry Taria to disturb you because this is kind of when new platform to me. I just want you to define those latest that you use. So I so I can see where you at the audio. I just want to be familiar with the features that I have and all of those options that we have. If you can >> Yes. , is it these three? >> Mhm. >> That you're referencing. >> All right. So, , I probably should have, , defined them earlier, so thank you for picking me up on that. , this is M for mute. So, what that's going to do is just say this is the track. So, any audio that's going to be played here, you're not going to be able to hear it if I click the mute button. And if I play, only this part is going to play. There we go. , if I unmute it, they're just going to play simultaneously. If I solo it, my podcast, this is the only audio track is that's going to play. It's basically the reverse mute. , so these any other tracks over here, you won't be able to hear because they're not soloed. So, let's play. Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. That's that button and this is the record button after record. So if I wanted to record audio, I just finish recording like I did earlier. Does that clear it up a little bit? >> Yes, that is clear. And one more question. If you instead of recording the audio, can you just remind us how to import the audio from the file that you show? Previously. Thank you. >> So this file button over here is clicked and then it's just the file button with the arrow over here. Import. If you have any audio stored like funky funk, you just double click it and now it's there for you to drag wherever you wish in any of the tracks. Does that clear it up? Yes, thank you. >> Great. , next we'll be going into how to edit the clips. So, I'm going to define clips is just any piece of audio basically. So, this is a clip. It's on a track. So, you can have as many clips on a track as you want, but on a track the clips on one track can't be playing simultaneously. They will be playing sequentially. But if you want simultaneous clips to be playing like we have here, you'll have to put them on different tracks. So to edit this clip, let's just say let's play this and mute this for a moment so we can hear or let's solo this even better so we can hear just this clip because that's what we want. So if you were my name is Talia want a little break between my name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast the break between Talia and your you might go in here and let's see where we can put the player head between them. >> So maybe we want it over here. >> and you can use two options to split the audio. , let me move this over so you can see the button. , this is the razor button and basically what it'll do is wherever you put it over , you can just click and it'll cut anywhere. So, we want it cut over here. So, you just go over the cursor. So, those will be two separate audio clips now. Or I prefer just using the oh by to get back into just moving being able to move the clips you would have to exit out of the razor and go back into the move tool. That's just over there in the tools bar. My favorite thing is just using command or control K. That did that was on the wrong tab. , and that will split the audio, , where your cursor is. So, it's a nice command. , really neat trick. So, now, , when I click on these, there'll be two separate, , clips. So, if I wanted to move this one back a little bit, which I do want, , there'll be now a pause over here in this , space over here, this gray space, cuz I've moved it back. So, maybe even listening to my podcast. Name is Talia. >> So if you wanted to have a little podcast that might be nice. >> And so that is how you split clips. If you want to adjust the clips again, just say you wanted a little you split a clip here and you want to pull it out a little bit and want more of the audio to continue on from where you cut it. You would just drag it over here and you would get it back. You were listening to my podcast. My name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast and you were Yes. , and you can also do the reverse. If you wanted to cut the clip in a little bit more, , maybe you didn't want all that. , you would just move it in like that and that would cut the audio as well. , I hope that makes sense right now. , any questions with that? Okay. , so as you can see over here, we're going to get into fades. , this music luckily already has a really nice fade where it fades out and the music very nicely quiets down. But let's just say we didn't have that for a second. What if the music was very harsh and had a really abrupt and jarring ending? It just kind of goes off. There's nothing smooth or nice about it. , we have this option to do an exponential fade. And basically, it's just this button right here. And you just drag it out to where you want it. And you can even curve it down or move it to as you see fit. And this line right over here is going to show you the direction of the sound. So, from this point on, when we play, it's going to I'm going to even adjust it a little bit more. It's going to slowly and slowly get more quiet, have a really nice fade out. And maybe let's apply that to the beginning too because there also could be a potentially jarring beginning sound as well. One second. So go over here. Nice fade out. Fade in. It's a fade in. So you might not be able to hear much. And then slowly the music increases and gets nice and to the volume that we mainly want it to be at. There we go. So next I'm going to be talking about effects. , so basically, , there's track effects and clip effects. And the difference is you can either apply an effect to an entire track, which is going to clip out of that track. For example, if you were to move it down here, if I had a effect in that track, it would no longer apply to this clip that is in another track. Now I'm going to reverse that. But if you wanted to specifically apply a clip to this to apply an effect to this and not to this clip, you would double click the clip and that's going to take us to the waveform section which is just going to edit one clip. And over here I just recommend using this for now, but there are of course others in here. I'm going to use the d noiseise effect over here and I'm going to apply it specifically to this clip. So, , this is a really helpful, , this is a really helpful effect, one that I recommend definitely using for dialogue, especially if you have, , air conditioner or loud background noise. What it's basically going to do is it's going to try, it's not perfect, but it's going to try and reduce that background noise so your audio is clear and , without distractions in the background. So now if I play I think I have to think it worked. Yeah. >> Hello. My name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast >> in the room that I'm currently in. You could not hear any background noise in the back. , so that's how you apply effects to a specific clip. If you want to go back, click the