# VIDEO: Interdisciplinary Insights: Bridging media and STEM Making a podcast. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

What it's basically going to do is it's going to try, it's not perfect, but it's going to try and reduce that background noise so your audio is clear and , without distractions in the background. So now if I play I think I have to think it worked. Yeah. >> Hello. My name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast >> in the room that I'm currently in. You could not hear any background noise in the back. , so that's how you apply effects to a specific clip. If you want to go back, click the multitrack option and that's going to take you back to the multitrack. And as you can see, let's do a little comparison. Maybe this clip. >> Hello, my name is Buzzing. , I don't know why I accidentally split that. Let me bring that in a little bit. And you Talia and you. So even there harsh over here over here a little bit more is Talia. My name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. >> Maybe not. Maybe just make sure you do a little pause yourself. So I said it really quickly. So, when I broke, I didn't really have a gap between words. So, consider that if you wanted to cut your audio and split it. You might want a little bit more of a pause that I than I did when I split my clips. So, for example, I should have said, "My name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast kind of jarring end cut where you can clearly see I've cut the audio off and split somewhere else. " so, that's effects for clips. If you want to do the entire track. , one second. , also, , the preset of the podcast is going to give you these already, , effects in here in each track. So, don't be alarmed. That's just the preset of the podcast trying to help you. So, , this is where the track, , effects are. So, if I wanted to create a new effect in here, , I would turn the power button onto it and then go into here and h let's go reverb effect today. , you can explore these , effects. They're really fun and a lot of them are really helpful. For example, like the D noiseis effect. , if I wanted to make it sound like, , there was an echo in the room, , I would go into reverb and studio reverb and I'll play this. >> So, , you can see now, if you wanted to, , change the podcast, you could be in a great It just changes the environment of the room you listen to my podcast. >> So I really recommend exploring these effects. They're really fun. Yeah. So I'm going to bring this back with this. I'm going to delete this and drag it out cuz I've decided I don't really like the break in there. I feel like it feels jarring. So, if remember before, if I drag it back out, it will have the same thing. Maybe I move it a bit to the front because I want my intro to start quicker. And I'm going to unsolo this. And let's see it all play together. One second. Oh, yes. I forgot about this. Maybe I drag this a little in. Just got to play around with it. Hello, my name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast. And there we go. , so really play around with it. , there's a lot of possibilities. , it's a really good tool. , and I hope it suits , the assignments that you're doing right now. To export you go to file export multitrack mi mixdown entire session. You can title your podcast whatever you like. I'm going to keep it as it is. Oh maybe I'll change it a little bit. My podcast. You can choose where you save it. I'm just going to save it here for now. No, I won't. I will decide to save it maybe in this section, my podcast, this Adobe Audition file. And make sure you have an audio format that works. Sometimes these are not compatible with the apps you have in your computers. But I'd say MP3 is a pretty safe option. And I'm going to go okay. It's going to download. I'm going to go over here to my audition file. And as you can see, we have an my podcast MP3. >> Hello, my name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast. I have >> this on. But one second. Yeah, it's playing twice cuz I have that on. But if you just launch that, it should be able to play smoothly and singly. , so, , yeah, that's basically it. If you, , still need, , help, , with this, I Adobe and in the Adobe Hub, we do offer a free one onone help sessions. , I offer them personally as well. So, , if you want to scan this QR code, you can book a meeting, , with us and we'll help you with anything you want, even if I didn't cover it in this area. , if you want to extend yourself, stretch yourself. , I'm pretty knowledgeable in this, so I probably will be able to help you. , if you wanted to book me specifically, cuz I have the Adobe edition knowledge compared to a little bit better compared to some of the other coaches. , my shifts are Thursday, , 11 till 2 every Fortnite. So it' be this oh Wednesday, my bad, Wednesday every Fortnite. So it'd be this Wednesday and then continuing fortnightly. So that's just at level two and the Hawthorne Library. So yeah, that's that's about it from me. Do you have any questions or anything questions? Anyone? Give you a minute to think of some if you like. , thanks for that, Talia. , you managed to cover it all in the in the half hour, so go you. Well done. >> I'm so glad I did. Oh my god. >> Oh, no, no, it's all good. It's fine. Things happen. , so an interesting thing for people to know as well is that for free music, you can also check out a site called Zack. I was It doesn't matter how clearly I pronounce it. It doesn't sound right. , zap splat probably like zapslat noise sounds. So, I'm typing that in the chat now for you all. Zaplat. , they've got free. It's just like just Google Zapslat. , they've got good sound effects like, you know, people knocking at the door, sirens. You've also got music in there and you can get a subscription to it, but , there's plenty of free sounds on there as well. There's a lot of other sites like that. , a lot of us just use Zaplat for that. So I think yeah to recap what Talia has done here she's taken us through starting up a new file going to file open multi-track which then opens up the multiple tracks the different layers call name your track what you want to call it so maybe voice at the start music sound effects or choose the podcast function importing in your audio which Talia covered and I covered a little bit too which means that you've already got your interview that you've done on your phone or something as an MP3 or you might have done it through Adobe Audition, but most people just do it through Zoom or Teams or on their phone. Just use the phone recorder, which I did one the other day like that. And then you just import that file in. One question, one thing I found that threw me a little bit, so I don't know Tyler if you have the magic answer to this one is when I've recorded an interview on Zoom. So, what we do with that is actually just run it with the camera on like normal and hit record and that will have a separate audio file, but it's not an M. It's not a file that when I try to import it straight into Adobe Audition, it doesn't take it. So, I have to convert it in some way. Does that help your experience? Yep. >> Yes. , okay. I'm going to share my screen again in a second. , I'll just do it now. So there is this app called one second. There is this app called media encoder where let me bring it up over here. Let me minimize that. This app over here and it's going to be able to encode whatever media file you have into a different type of media file. So for example, I'm going to let me So I've double cllicked over here and that's going to let