# VIDEO: Interdisciplinary Insights: Bridging media and STEM Making a podcast. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

make sure that information comes out. And we might ask because they're science students that's in might be in a laboratory, what equipment do you use? And the idea of this for this particular project is to allow students that haven't done the unit yet or have just enrolled to get a bit of a sense of how they can succeed. What do you need to do to succeed in this unit? What are some of the challenges that you'll be facing? How can you prepare for that? So questions like, well, what equipment do you use? Lets us kind of pull that out a little bit and let them understand and visualize what they might be doing in the lab. We might then ask them, well, what's the best way to manage your work and time in your capstone project? So, what not to do? What are some of the mistakes we want other people to avoid? And then we might go on to ask, what type of preparation should a student do for the unit and across the rest of the unit? So we want to make sure that students that are coming into this unit are able to understand what they can do to give them the best chance of success in the unit so that they're organized for the laboratories and they don't roll up not having done the work. And then we might ask them well okay that's great it's wonderful to hear that how we can get prepared but what makes a good capstone project? How do I know I've made the right choice in the project I put forward? So the person will give us some information about that and then we might end on a question that projects to the future. So we might say well you know what would you like this project to lead you to in your career? Why did you undertake this? Did you have a an idea of where it might lead you? How do you think it might look and work for your CV? So that's an example of two sorts of approaches to interviewing. The first one that I talk through with the dot points on the left side of the screen are a little bit more general about getting someone to unpack their experience. And then the with beta's project we're looking more specifically at a particular aim which is to create a podcast that helps students understand what they need to do to succeed in their project unit and also to get them used to talking about their project in to people that may not be used to hearing about it as well. , so a trick with this that journalists use a lot is they'll often get their interviewees to repeat the question as a statement at the beginning of their response. And I've got this great example from Corey, one of our podcast teachers. When if I want to know what their journey, say they're a ballet dancer, I want to know where they where they started. So I might ask, well, where did your journey of ballet begin? What I would like them to do, so I will need to advise them on this before the session is to repeat that question in a way that makes it easier for me to edit later on audio. So I'd say, can you repeat the second half of my question as a statement? So I'll give them that example. Well, where did your journey of ballet begin? They might say, well, my journey of ballet began when? And they tell us that story. And that gets used in TV a lot, too. So, you're kind of giving a fuller answer, encouraging them to give you a fuller sentence answer so that it's easier for editing. Now, the challenge with that is that it's not always feeling naturally conversational. So, sometimes you may not want to use that. So, but it's a good it's a good way of creating some space for you to edit. So, I'll chat to you now and I won't I won't cover this, but I just wanted to put this up for you. There's also some really good interview guides for larger projects as well. And this one is from Corey. She's given us an example of cluster clustered questions. So it's kind of working on a structure of we want to know what event started you off on your journey or what is your particular experience? And we then ask them to reflect a little bit about what that experience might mean for other people. And then we might go on to get them to talk about some of the challenges they've had and then how they feel about it. You know, what we bring in their emotion or their lived experience there and then start taking another step back and asking how other people have reacted to this. So, this is a bit more of a complicated interview set that just gives you the opportunity to unpack somebody's experiences in a bigger way than the other examples that I've given. But most of you will find you might use the why, what, who challenges or if you are doing a narrative based podcast where you're really telling the story of something and you're using multiple interviews in there multi from multiple people, multiple experts, you might just simply ask those people two or three questions in your pre in your interview session and then edit those in and it might end up being one answer that you use from them or two answers. So it depends on the sort of podcast that you're doing. But you've got they you'll find that most of them fit under those two aspects. And you know you do have podcasts where people talk at great length about one thing and you don't hear any interviews etc. Maybe someone who's a political commentator or two people just talking about a particular topic. They still fall under those two types of podcasts. So just talking quickly about how to conduct the interview itself. We will have more sessions on this and we've got some video resources you can access to if you want to know a little bit more about this. But the idea as we said treat it like a conversation. However do prepare questions, right? You don't want to go in there and not be able to guide your interviewe. They are expecting you to point them in the direction that of the information you want from them. So you want to make sure that you've got some questions prepared. You can do them quite specific or you can do them kind of broad. When did you start your university degree or you could say that's quite specific or you could use something like you know tell me the story of your university degree? How did you come to this? You know when did when did it all happen for you? So you can ask the same question in a very taught way with specific information coming back or you can ask it in a way that is a little bit more open and that lets them tell the story as they see it. Which is just two different approaches to the same getting the same information. So it's up to you if you want to ask really specific questions or have them a little bit more open. And Jamie and Omera has a great session which I've included in the in the video resources about creating cheats cheat sheets. So a sheet of information that has a little bit about of the background of the person, maybe some of their achievements if you're going to be talking to them about that. So you don't have a Carolyn moment when you forget what the name of their project is or what the name of their particular film that they've done is or their particular science experiment or their particular approach in the lab. So it's good to have those kind of notes with you when you're doing the interview just so you can refer back to them. And we've got some examples of those that we can share with you. And when you're interviewing, you need to make sure that you are actually listening and responding to what people are saying. You don't want to just interview, ask a question, wait till they finish, then ask the next question, and wait till they finish. That's not a conversation. So you want to listen and not be afraid to move into asking other things. You can go off on a bit of a tangent if that's if there's something that the person has said that you're interviewing that sounds like you maybe your audience might want to know more about it or that sounds a little bit more interesting than maybe