it in some way. Does that help your experience? Yep. >> Yes. , okay. I'm going to share my screen again in a second. , I'll just do it now. So there is this app called one second. There is this app called media encoder where let me bring it up over here. Let me minimize that. This app over here and it's going to be able to encode whatever media file you have into a different type of media file. So for example, I'm going to let me So I've double cllicked over here and that's going to let me import what I want. , so for example, I'm just probably going to change this WAV file into an MP3 for now. And you click the arrow down here. Now, I already have it set on MP3, , but you can set it to any of these options. So, I'm going to click MP3 over here. And then I click play over here. It's loading. And now when I go back into my folder over here, it's now an MP3 as you can see. >> Does that make sense? >> Yeah. And so does that have to play the whole length of it? So, if I've recorded an hour on Zoom, does it take an hour to play? Does it hit play or does it like just do it quickly? >> It won't it won't take as long as the video or the sound is to process, but it will probably take a little bit more time, but probably not a concerning amount of time. Like maybe a few more minutes, like I'd say probably 20 minutes max if anything. >> Terrific. That's great. So, if people are doing their interviews on Zoom, you import open get the record, get the audio, drop it into that program. There's a couple of others that will suggested including Handbreak and Audacity. And then you've got the option when it's in there of tidying the audio up a bit using some of the effects that Talia she indicated the grand hall one. But there's lots of effects that will tidy it up because you know what it's like. I'm using a mic right on my Zoom. So I'm pretty clear, but I've usually I'm not clear at all when I use Zoom. It's a little bit I'm muffly because of my computer. It's in the wrong position. So, being able to just test out all the different filters and sound cleanups are really useful for getting a crisper audio. But remember that when you are listening to podcast, have a have a critical listen to the difference in the audio quality and volume between the host and the guest. For instance, in Damian's one, you can hear there's a slight you can tell that this person is not in the same room as Damian when he's recording it. That's okay. Podcasts have that accept cultural acceptance and technical acceptance that the audio doesn't have to match all the way through. Is that your experience, Talia? Do you have any advice or any suggestions around that? >> Yes. I agree with that. I think they don't have to match, but it's nice when they do match, and if you were able to edit the settings to make them match, that's always great. , two of the , effects that I'd say that would really help that is den noiseise just to get rid of the background noise , and vocal enhancer which , enhances the vocals and probably , makes it sound a little bit more clearer. But there's tons of , tutorials online that have probably more specific instructions that will help you take your , audio to the next level and make it the best it can be. >> Terrific. Yeah. So people should I guess the next step for people is to if you know what you want to do your podcast on plan you know work out what it is you want to cover in your episode go out and get your interviews do your background research so you've got the context around it as well and then practice when and you can even just practice doing interviews with us and our science students of course and each other and just practice using Adobe Audition. It's really easy to use. , it really is. , and it's very, , reasonably intuitive. The only trouble I have, and maybe Talia has a hint for this, is, and it's the same with programs like Premiere Pro, there can be a lot of, , sometimes you look up on a video how to do something, and it says go to this menu, and the menu is right there on the demo video, but you can't find it anywhere on yours because there's so many menus that they sometimes are small or hide. So, it's useful to go into the menu bar at the top and hit the toolbar and run through. Would that be right, Charlie? Is that the best way to work out where all the menus are? >> I if you're specifically looking for something and you know the exact name of it. There should be a search button. It kind of has like a magnifying glass button and you can search it from there. That's really helpful. That's usually where I go if I get lost. , yeah. Also, I'd just quickly like to mention that with the Adobe Hub help sessions, one-on-one 30 minute things, , you can book it online. So, if you don't want to come to campus, that's fine, too. >> Yeah, it's terrific. Great to know. Wonderful. Cool. , yeah, as an Adobe Aud Audition user, I feel like that's the main stuff that you've covered is actually what people need to know is how to open the file, how to import audio, how to mute, turn the volume down, how to edit, and stretching out your edit tune, making the sound the waveform, the sound wave big so you can see precisely where you want to edit, and turning the volume up and down through the decibel. Circle like the dial the electric dial electronic dial are the main things people will use and then making sure you select all source when you are exporting rather than a section and I'm assuming that's yeah that's Adobe Audition that does that. So that they're the main things. One thing to remember too is once you have done a mixdown so you've exported it you can't necessarily go back in and reopen it. You have to go back to the source file, don't you? >> If I want to change something, I've mixed done a mixown and I want to ch Oh my gosh, I cut myself off. I didn't realize. I want to re-edit this. I have to go back to the source, use the source file, don't I? >> , yeah. So, you will have to go back to your Audition session file. , any like MP3 or web files that have been exported and created, they won't change once you've edited it. But it's it takes like a few seconds to like export to a MP3 each time the web and the audition file is going to stay there. Nothing's going to convert or change. It's just going to create a new MP3 or web file. So it's really easy to do just making edits and then exporting it again. >> Terrific. Thank you. Excellent. Great. Yes. Any questions from anyone? I would like to say thank you to Carolene and Talia for their time and also appreciate everyone's time in the meeting and being patient with all the you know things happen in between but I think we Talia you managed this very short and sharp to the point of how to use this Adobe audition. So I hope this project helps to partner our STEM students and media communication students to come with a great product and that can be shared with the other educators and students to use and yeah I'm excited to see what is the final product look like and we can share this archive of the podcast sharing students experience and the capstone project research. Thank you so much everyone. >> Terrific. No worries. And I'll remind everyone there's a Monday session to drop in if you actually have you want to take actually come and talk about what you are going to do for your podcast if you want to make one. And we can run through you know the various steps again talk it through do some recordings if you want to in that session as well. >> Cool. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> I think thank you Ken. So Carolene just the last question for you. So are you going to use of the Google form to partner our