pretty if you want. It won't it won't change the audio. It's just it's just nice. , so we're going to go into how to import an audio file. , for reference, if you would like to download some audio files today, , I would recommend going into Adobe Stock and then clicking the audio button. , we don't have , as a Swinburn student, you don't have , specific license to the audio specifically. You would have to get that separately, but for now, you know, today I would recommend it. So, just go into whatever genre you would like and click the download button over here. So, we're going to go back into here into our session and click files. This button, this like file button with the arrow is where you would like to import the file. And I'm just going to today I'm going to import some disco pop. And now that I've imported this, all I have to do is drag my audio into the track that I would like and that will automatically place it there. So since Disco Funk is music, I'm going to drag it into the music file. And if you see, we can play here with this real. , next, , we're going to be using the recording option, , where you can, , record your own audio and voice over and whatever you like. So, , I would assume in this case, you would probably be the host or, , at least talking. So, I'm going to go into the host track and right where this arrow points to the right and says none over here, we're going to click it over here. Go into mono and then click the default system button. What this is going to do is it's going to allow you to click this button up here and it's going to record any it's going to let you input the audio through this. So, we're just going to click record over here. And wherever you want to put your play head is where it's going to start recording. So, let's just say I wanted the music to play a little bit first and then I would like to speak. So maybe the music is the intro. By the way, all these layers over here, these tracks, they all stack on top of each other. So basically they will be playing at the same time. So, if there's music in here or there's something in here and there's something in here, they will play at the same time. And I can clear that up if anyone has any questions with that later because I know it might be confusing and there's a bit of a learning curve. , so, , I want to put my play over here. I'm going to start my voice over at around 30 seconds, I'd say. And then I'm just going to click this button to start recording. And then I'll click it again to stop the recording. , so, , let's do this. Hello, my name is and you're listening to my podcast. There we go. So, it will also play the music while you're recording or whatever else is in that place at the time just to give you a little like help make it easier to see what the sound will actually sound like when you're recording. , so yeah, , I'm going to solo this right now. This is the solo button. Basically, what it will do is it'll only play the sound from that track. So, I'm going to move the cursor head over back to here before it started. Not I don't Okay, I'm going to mute this and hopefully it works. I'm not sure why that's still playing. That's really odd. , I'm just gonna turn the sound down this for now. Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. So, what it basically did in this instance accidentally because I don't have my headphones in, which you definitely usually should do. I just didn't bring them today. Is that while I was recording it picked up the musical from over here and put it in here. So, , good tip, don't do that. And how we can avoid doing that is by muting this track while we do our voice over so the music doesn't , pick the computer doesn't pick it up while we record. Okay, let's try the recording again. Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. Oh, I forgot to press the record button. It's exactly what we will do. So, it's good to It's good that we learn it this way. >> Yes. >> Good. It's >> This is my first time teaching audition. So, you got to work with me here, but it's giving you tips on what not to do. So, learn with it. Let me delete this. Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. All right. Now, if we go back and put our cursor over here, play Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. >> Unsolo this and unmute this. , combined it will sound like this. >> Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. Now you might have noticed that this is really loud and this is really soft and this is what we call this stage is what we call audio mixing. So we want to make sure that the combination of all these sounds together sounds right. , so how you can do that is, , we have a bar over here, our levels bar, and that's going to tell us what levels are the decibb that, , each audio clip is playing or in total what the decibb are. So, if we go ahead and mute this clip, it's only going to play this track. , and it's going to show the levels of that over here. So, let's play. So, as you could see over there, it's going into the red and it's showing this red part. And we never ever want the red part. Red part very bad. We want it to be sitting around the yellow part. I'd say that's the sweet spot that's the sweet spot for dialogue, but the sweet spot for audio is actually a bit lower. If I can check, , there's a specific guide on dB, I'd say. , so we want it to be around, I'd say 18. Let's go 18 dB for this point. So, we want the, , levels to stop around here. And how we can do this is we're going to adjust this button over here, the volume button, and we can make it louder or quieter or louder. And I'm gonna play the audio at the same time and see if I can adjust it so it turns it the levels only hit this area. Let me solo this. All right. So, I've br it down a bit and it's going to play at around this area which is ideal for the background music. So now if we if we were to unmute this, unsolo this, and play these together, hopefully it'll sound a little better. And then we'll adjust the host sound. Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. So as you can see already, you can hear the my voice much better and that's what we want. We want the background music to stay background music. And I'd say for a general rule of thumb I'd say that dialogue and voice should stay around 9 to -12. So I'm going to solo this. I'm going to zoom in on it. And the scroll bar up here is going to let you go back and forth if you want to zoom in on your timeline and see My name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast. Just move it a little up because I feel like it and unsolo and see how it works together with the music. >> Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. , and if you want to if you think it sounds bad with these decibel levels, you can always so you want to see play it by ear a little bit. I'd say I'd recommend putting the volume maybe on half over here and then being able to play it by ear. That's going to give you a good reference to what it'll actually sound like. And go around and play with the audio levels a little bit and see what's the best combination. All right. So >> sorry Taria to disturb you because this is kind of when new platform to me. I just want you to define those latest that you use. So I so I can see where you at the audio.