# VIDEO: Interdisciplinary Insights: Bridging media and STEM Making a podcast. | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

you are actually listening and responding to what people are saying. You don't want to just interview, ask a question, wait till they finish, then ask the next question, and wait till they finish. That's not a conversation. So you want to listen and not be afraid to move into asking other things. You can go off on a bit of a tangent if that's if there's something that the person has said that you're interviewing that sounds like you maybe your audience might want to know more about it or that sounds a little bit more interesting than maybe what your next question was going to be. So you can take a moment to diverge and move into a side topic if that's where the conversation goes naturally. You can always edit it out if it didn't work. So, it's important to follow the conversation. And also, and this is really hard, it's really hard to try not to make too many noises when you're interviewing someone, be careful not to say, "Yeah, yeah. Oh, definitely. " Or, "M" Because what happens is it makes it harder to edit. And it also means that while they're talking, you're going to they're we're going to be hearing your voice coming in a lot. So, it takes a lot of practice to actually not say much and not give much affirmation back when you're or much confirmation and acknowledgement when you're interviewing someone. , so it takes a bit of practice. So, just remember, try to nod and not go too much. But sometimes you have to, so that's okay. But just balance that out. You'll find when you do it and you try to edit, you'll never do it again because it's really hard to edit your littles and out. , and , also , don't be afraid to , interject with your own , additional ideas or thoughts as well. It's up to you what your podcast is looking like and what the intention is, but you can definitely share your experiences with the interviewer in the recording if you want to. That if that's part of what you're doing with the podcast, that's fine. So, that is coming back to the philosophy of it's a conversation, it's a sharing, but remember it's not about you, it's about your interviewee, right? , so try to leave a bit of a beat of silence in between your questions or your comments. Try not to talk over the person because that means you're going to find it really hard to slice and edit and separate sections if you've got your voice overlapping. So if for instance when I'm giving a lecture I'm now I can see I've got my next slide in front of me after this one. So I can naturally segue into the next slide. However, that would cause a problem if I was doing that in an audio interview because it won't give a moment for me to edit. So, if I say, "Okay, that's my slide. Now, on to my next slide. I'd like to talk about this. " There's no edit space where if I do something like, , okay, that's great. Thank you. So, my next question is that little space makes it easier for you to edit the audio and to move things around. So, , silence is death if it's too long in audio, but silence is golden if it's just long enough that it lets you, , create an edit space that sounds natural because if you don't, you'll end up cutting off words , of the beginning or the ends of sentences. And, , Damian had a great , idea of giving somebody or your interviewee, sorry, a text sheet for home preparation. So, if you are interviewing people that are on Zoom for through Zoom or that you don't have in front of you, they might feel a bit overwhelmed by the tech. So, it's really good to give them a guide of things to set up. So, you know, okay, you know, maybe make sure that you've got no noises around you from your washing machine, all of that sort of thing. So, what would this look like? So, we might tell them, , can you make sure you wear headphones? Because if you, and this is good for you, for people doing the interview, too, because if you've got headphones on with a, , mic in them, that means that you're not going to be as distracted by what's happening around you, you're also going to have a better quality of audio. So, , you may want to encourage your interviewees, if you're doing it by Zoom, to wear headphones with a mic where possible, like , Beta's got. Have you got a mic in yours, Beta? Yes, you do. See, excellent. So, you would have seen that in the earlier part of this video when VA came up to greet you all. And so, make sure that your interviewee also checks and I'll just jump forward a bit. Also checks that their equipment's off around them. That they've turned off their email dinger. I've been in lots of sessions and interviews where I've heard that people's email ding go off. Turn that off. Put their phone on silent and turn off the washing machine musical noise. It's a good one from Damian. There is a really good tip that Damian's given us which is around making sure that you are able to have a backup for your audio. So a great tip that he's given is that when you say to your interviewe if you're doing it remotely, okay, can you get your phone and find your recording on your phone, your audio recorder? I'm going to count to three and when I clap I want I want you to hit the voice memo, right? So or actually it's a bit before, isn't it? So count to three, hit the voice memo and then clap. And that clap will s will mean that you can see straight away on both the audio recordings when the interview starts. You're syncing it together. And that means you've got a backup for your what you say, they've got a backup for what they say in case the u one of you have bad blotchy audio on your Zoom or your teams, however you're doing it. So really, really good device to a really good technique to practice there. So you've both got a syncedin version and that person that you're interviewing can just email you that particular recording. Makes it easier. , so that was that was my quick rundown of the different sorts of podcast and some tips. We have more information about that. , I'll end the slides out. There's some great videos you can watch. We'll also be running a session. I'll be running a session on Monday, which is just a drop-in session if people want to , drop in and talk about their idea for a podcast , or we want to start setting up , some support for you and to start giving you some additional , help on how to use the programs. So I will hand this over now to either beta or our fabulous learning transformations teacher. So I'll hand it back. Thank you. So to create a new file we go to file new multitrack session and I'm just going to title this my podcast for now. And you can browse where you want to save your this session. And the templates are over here. We're going to press podcast for now. And what that's going to do when we click okay, it's going to set up a multitrack session. And it's going to have all the elements of a podcast basically set up for you already. So we have the host track, the interview, etc. Down to music. , if you would like to change the names of , these, you just have to doubleclick them and then write whatever you want. So maybe you want two hosts. So this could be host one. , as well as if you wanted to change the color for organization purposes of these little , labels over here, you can doubleclick them and select whatever color you want. , can make it pretty if you want. It won't it won't change the audio. It's just it's just nice. , so we're going to go into how to import an audio file. , for reference, if you would like to download some audio files today, , I would recommend going into Adobe Stock and then clicking the audio button. , we don't have , as a Swinburn student, you don't have , specific license to the audio specifically. You would have to get that separately, but for now, you know, today I would recommend it. So, just go into whatever genre you would