Hello everyone, welcome. , and today we will be talking about making podcasts and understanding how they work and looking at some of the tools such as Adobe Audition that you can use to make a podcast. So we'll begin by giving an acknowledgement of country. So, we pay homage to Australia's original storytellers who remind us that storytelling is about deep listening. We recognize Australia's First Nation peoples for their ongoing connection to storytelling, country, culture, and community. We also respectfully acknowledge the traditional owners on the land of which you're all situated today and recognize that it was never seated. And I'm joining you today from Murang land past Jalong. So, feel free to pop in the chat anywhere that you've come from or that you're situated on if you like. And exciting events today. We'll be talking about making a podcast. And I want to thank Beta for her amazing graphic here, which is terrific. And Beta is our is our esteemed leader in a project where we are matching up science students with media and comm students or art students as a way of helping the science students practice their communication skills about their projects and communicating to an audience what they're doing and what their experiences are in their capstone unit. And with the media and communication students and art students, writing students, learning how to interview and make that into a podcast. Now, that's not the only thing that this that this session is about. This is also for people that want to learn a little bit more about podcasting. You might have an idea for a podcast, but we certainly are keen to get people pairing up in after this session if they want to practice those skills by helping our science students articulate their particular projects in the capstone unit through their u through a podcast. Bea, did you want to say anything more about that amazing project that you've come up with? >> Thank you so much, Carolene, and thank you for these beautiful acknowledgements to the country. I guess I just want to emphasize that we are just a passionate educators who are keen to support and empower our students. So observing the gap skill and thinking about the future and the potential jobs that you might want to follow in future and because we also considering that we are keen collaboration not just between educators of course we always consider our students as our partners. So coming with this multid-disciplinary type of a project providing this opportunity and facilitating this training for our students to meet each other and to apply their knowledge and skills to support each other. That's an exciting journey that we are going to start with each other. And of course as Caroline mentioned this is beneficial to our STEM students who are unpacking a real challenge problem and how they can communicate their science and how they practice the outcome and share that knowledge with the broader audience. Also for our media communication to see the impact of the research in a STEM area and how that can inspire the community and the society for some require actions something like climate change. What would do we need to expect our community to consider as I believe the community knowledge is a powerful source but we need we all together we need to act on it. So I believe and I think this exciting journey started with us. So it's going to provide an a useful informative archive podcast for a future of the capstone project students or media communication to see how they can use of their knowledge and you know any challenges, any successes or any ideas to do the better experience during the capstone projects and yeah that is all I can say right now and I'm so excited. Thank you Carolyn. >> Terrific beta. Beautifully said. So just a reminder if anyone here wants to participate in that project where you're working with a science student to interview them and make a podcast then you can just flip me an email and we can move that forward. But we're appreciating that some of you are here today also just to learn about podcasting. So it's a double barrel exciting session. So, we'll jump on in then and talk a little bit about what a podcast is. Now, I'm going to talk for about half an hour. , just give a little bit of structure around what podcasts commonly do. I've gloriously stolen some material from my amazing colleagues Corey Martin and Jamie who have provided some videos as well as additional support for you if you want to know a little bit more about some of the production processes and some of the you know the ways you can position a podcast and some of the techy stuff. And then we will have fabulous colleague from learning transformation who is an Adobe coach run us through how to use Adobe Audition. So nothing required of you in terms of pairing you up right now. Sit back, enjoy, ask lots of questions and hopefully jot down lots of good ideas for you to use later. So what is a podcast? So a podcast is a series of spoken word audio episodes focused on a particular topic or theme. So it tends to be about one particular one particular process idea topic or a particular discipline or a domain or a particular area of research. So some of you might be here because you want to make a podcast series about your discipline that just happens to be you know centering on your area of research. So you might want to do a podcast around creative writing or you might want to do a podcast around learning and teaching whatever it is that you're particularly interested in. And a lot of the time we do hear about we use the word podcast and we might be talking about a kind of singular audio experience like a feature a kind of doc audio documentary. That is technically not a podcast but look it's interchangeable language right? So, the idea of a podcast generally is that it's a series of some sort, but you could use this session to also record your own your own one-off episode or something or your own little documentary or your own record your own work or writing or performance if you like. So, you can use a script or talking points or questions to make it to make you feel prepared when you are undertaking a podcast production and getting that ready. But the idea is that they are conversational. So, you don't want to have your podcast be sounding too stiff and formal. It's not a lecture. Not that our lectures are stiff and formal, right, beta? But, you know, it's meant a conversation is a podcast is meant to be engaging to listen to a little bit more traditionally aligned with how radio would sound. So, you want to keep it conversational. Now, there are two main groups that we're going to put podcast in today. They are narrativebased and interview based. Now they can cross over but narrative based podcasts are when you are focused on telling the story of something. So you can think of something like this podcast series serial or America this American life or there's multiple true crime podcast around where you're unpacking over a number of episodes a particular story and you may not actually be having other people in that other than you. You may not be having interviews from other people, but you may include a couple of interviews as good sound bites or you may in a narrative-based podcast actually have a fair few interviews. So, it's up to you. That form is very flexible. So, the other option, the other more common one, which is the one we'll be looking a little bit more closely at today, is a interviewbased podcast. And usually that's when you are interviewing someone different every week or a couple of different people around a different topic every week and you're kind of really focusing on that interview. That is the main part of it. It's not about you and your work. It's about you engaging with someone who's an expert in the field or an expert in a lived experience in some way. , and the idea of a podcast too is that they really make really good use of music and sound effects as transitions between discussions between scenes. If it's like a narrative, if it's like a radio play style story or if it's a set of interviews, you may have a particular sound come or a music clip come back to signal you're shifting into a different section of the podcast. They have theme music which may be the same across all the episodes but it could change