the field or an expert in a lived experience in some way. , and the idea of a podcast too is that they really make really good use of music and sound effects as transitions between discussions between scenes. If it's like a narrative, if it's like a radio play style story or if it's a set of interviews, you may have a particular sound come or a music clip come back to signal you're shifting into a different section of the podcast. They have theme music which may be the same across all the episodes but it could change according to what the episode's feel is. So the use of music is really exciting sound effects. And in terms of the duration well they vary between around 10 minutes to an hour. Sometimes they can be longer but the idea is that it's as long as they need to be. , if you are doing something like having sponsorship built in or using more of a having more of a corporate influence, you might want to have a particular time length so that your sponsors so that your advertisers are able to see this as an investable package a little bit more. But for our purpose, you know, we can say it's whatever length it needs to be. So, in terms of the structure of a podcast, , and I'm I'm going to talk mainly about the interview style one now. And, , Bea's communication project is an excellent example of an interview focused one. , so I'll talk about that, but I also just want to mention if you have questions, feel free just to toss them in the chat as we go along. , very capable of at talking, , lecturing and answering chat at the same time these days. , so what does a the structure of a typical interviewbased podcast look like? I'm going to deviate off a little bit in some of those points to also cover narrative as well. So you'll find a good example is Damian Omera's Has Damian works with us in media and communication. He's a PhD student. He's done a terrific podcast series around humanities, arts, and social sciences. So I've included that there and I will pop it in the chat in a moment as well. So if you listen to his, you'll find it follows this typical structure. He's got some opening music in here. So it's something that kind of captures the vibe or the feel of what the content is. And then he'll move in quite quickly to give a welcome and an introduction and that is where you are telling us what the podcast is about, who you'll be talking to in that episode or what the topic of that episode is and what you will be discussing. So, it'll be a little bit of a of a one person talking and giving a bit of a teaser about what's going to happen in the rest of the podcast. And then, you might give a little bit of background or information to the topic in a little bit more detail about what your guest is going to be talking about. So, you can merge those two or you can have them separate points there. And then you move into the interview. And remembering you're going to be doing that conversationally. And if it's an interview, you might start telling your story, give some background of your story, and then weave in interviews as needed as the story progresses. And you think of the podcast Serial is a great example of that where you've got interviews with judges and lawyers and family members. And you also have a narrator who tells us what's happened in what the story is and bridges the gap between the interviewees comments. So if it's a traditional interview style, you'd be then moving into talking in depth with your interviewee, asking question, having them answer and you know having a conversation about that and then after that's done and that may go for you might ask end up asking six questions, eight questions depending on how long it is. I find I get through about six to eight in an hour. So you know you might want to it'll be I guess practice. It'll help you work out how long they go for. And then wrapping it up, thanking the guest and giving it a bit of an insight into what's happening in the next episode if you can. So the class one, the first u guest was Katherine Hartung, Dr. Katherine Hartung. So do have a listen to that. That is that will give you an indication of this structure. , I won't play it for you because, you know, you've we've got other stuff to cover and you might want to listen to that in the nice and quiet of your own time with a nice glass of Coca-Cola or wine in your hand. , so interviewing, this is a skill that comes often doesn't come naturally to people. You have to practice it a little bit. Even, you know, journalists that have won multiple awards for interviewing still started out doing some very tentative, slightly awkward interviews. That's quite normal. So, , that's why it's fun to start practicing them as soon as you can. So, , there's a few guides for interviewing. I've got a quick one that I use, which is just really simple for me in my head. I always start off, and I'm going to say that I start off here, but you can actually move the order of them around according to what the flow of the conversation is and according to what you want to cover. I usually start off with thinking or asking about why or why are you interested in this particular thing to my guest. How did you start? Where did you where you know how did you come to this? How did you get involved? What drew you into this particular project or this particular idea? So, I'm kind of thinking about in my head why this why this thing? Why are you interested in this? And then I might switch to asking questions more about what it actually is. Tell us about your project. Unpack it. That's what I'm thinking. Unpack your project a little bit more. What are you trying to do with this project? And then I might think move to asking a little bit more about who the project might help. So, oh that sounds great. Who are the sorts of people that might benefit for your project or what sort of outcomes are you hoping to get or who are the people that you think might stand beside you and take up this cause? So, I'm asking now more about the people and the influences and the impact of the project. And then somewhere in there, depending on how the conversation flows, I'll always cover some sort of challenge. So, oh, what were some of the obstacles? But I won't necessarily ask it that bluntly. I might listen and hear that they've mentioned that it was hard to get funding. So, I'll say, oh, so how did you get the funding? That must have been very challenging. What's some advice for people who may be facing the challenge of getting funding? So, I'm unpack and ask about the obstacles in some way. So that's really thinking about challenges advi it's sort of a way of getting advice for other listeners as well. And now for beta's science communication project with those podcasts we're looking at something slightly more specific. So the sort of questions we might ask in her podcast series which is where we're talking to science students about their experience in their capstone unit. We might ask something to start off with. What's your research about? Tell us about your research. And then we might move to what are what do you do in your where do you do your research? Do you work in the lab? Do you work with statistics? Are you desk based? Just to draw that out. Now, they may cover that in the answer. And that's great. I don't have to cover that question then, but what we're doing is listening for an opportunity to make sure that information comes out. And we might ask because they're science students that's in might be in a laboratory, what equipment do you use? And the idea of this for this particular project is to allow students that haven't done the unit yet or have just enrolled to get a bit of a sense of how they can succeed. What do you need to do to succeed in this unit? What are some of the challenges that you'll be facing? How can you prepare for that? So questions like, well, what equipment do you use? Lets us kind