# VIDEO: Workshop 3: How to Pitch (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the third workshop for design for change 2025 competition. So as we promote this competition in the last two workshops you are all invited whether you're coming from Australia or you are Saravak students to submit 4minut video of your design solution to existed real challenge and you know join us in the live showcase on 5th of June. June. So before I introduce and invite our guest speaker to cover this speech presentation workshop, I would like to go with the acknowledgements of the country. On behalf of the people who participate in this event from Australia and also from Sarowak, I would like to pay our respects to the traditional owners on the land. So I would like to pay respect to the elders both past present of the again indigenous people who are protecting these lands and sharing those stories and of course a lot of our research are coming from the knowledge that we obtained from this indigenous especially Australian you know nations. So I would like to respect to all this knowledge and I hope that we have a better connections through this storytelling and that's why we want you our students our champion and students with a great idea innovative idea to make four minutes storytelling of video of how your design your prototype if it's a application mobile application if it's a website, any services that you use from your discipline knowledge to address and unpack a real challenge. Of course, with the collaboration of the industry that would be amazing to share with the community with the impact that potentially that idea might bring. So today we have Min in the room. So I would like to invite him to introduce himself and take us to these inspiring slides that I've already seen and yeah get excited to see how we can improve our presentation especially if we want to pitch it to the investors. Thank you so much mean >> thank you beta. I'm just sharing my screen now. Can you guys see that? >> Yes. >> Okay awesome great. So, my name's Minshin Tan, but you can just call me Min. And today I'm going to be presenting on how to pitch your startup idea. , and I will go through a few different things today. So, we're going to cover off what is a startup, what is a pitch, the structure of a pitch, and some tips and tricks on how to pitch to your audience. So, quick intro about me. I am a former food technologist. I'm originally from New Zealand and I've been in Australia for five years now. I'm also a user experience designer. I also do lots of speaking. I do MCing for different conferences for like specifically tech conferences and startup conferences as well. Three years ago I also did the startup weekend and my team and I won that competition and that kind of gave me a really good exposure to what it means to actually pitch to a panel of judges and investors. My current day job is that I'm a programs and digital executive working for Siri. So Siri stands for the center of entrepreneur research and innovation. Now enough about me. Let's get into it. What even is a startup? All right. So a lot of people think that startups are like companies that are like doing all these amazing things. But the actual definition of it is that it's the very early stage of its operations. Typically startups are they're still finding their feet. They're still doing the validation. They haven't even got sales typically sometimes. So more often than not they are financed during the startup period with money from themselves from all their other founding team members or what we call bootstrapping. What that means is they are putting in their own money to actually fund their startup. So why do 95% of startups fail? There are a plethora of reasons why they fail. And the reason why that the failure rate is so high is because a lot of times they could be a mixture of that the team is not cohesive. Basically their founding team might have some cultural issues or some misalignment of where they want to take the startup and that leads to the lack of vision. So basically they might have different visions or wedding. If someone says they're going to purchase something from you, if they've only verbally said it, it actually doesn't mean anything. You have to get everything in black and white. Even then be really clear on when that money is actually hitting your bank account. So startups assume that because you signed on a dollar line means that the money is going to be in your bank account that same day. It is not the case at all. Also the biggest one is that there's no product market fit. So startups typically haven't done the work around validation. They haven't actually spoken to customers or that they haven't really finessed what the product is actually trying to solve. And also the biggest one is they just run out of money. But the biggest reason why is also the founders just didn't know how to pitch. And pitching is both an art and a skill that if you are a startup founder or if you are on a leadership team, it is really important you know how to pitch. So, the pitch structure that I'm going to be showing you guys today is typically how you pitch in front of a panel of investors. They could be angel investors or venture capitalists or even just people who would want to invest in a startup. That could be your friends and family but typically it would be like two investors who have money or sophisticated investors. So what actually is a pitch? A pitch is a short and concise way to convince others that your idea or your startup company is worth backing and supporting. So you want to make your pitch really attractive to investors. Investors typically also have their own metrics. They have their own KPIs. When I say KPIs, it means key performing indicators or OKRs or objective key results. So basically angel investors and venture capitalists, they have different things that they're going to be looking out for. And pitches basically mean that you as a startup founder, you have to be confident in how you're going to be presenting. You have to be confident in what you're actually working on. You have to be confident in the problems that you are solving. So I always say to the startups and the residencies here in Western Australia that you should fail fast, fail often and fail forward. It is because basically when you're doing this journey of being an entrepreneur or a startup founder, you are going to be failing a lot, right? But failure isn't fatal. It's only fatal if you actually stop. So, and that's why when you pitching, it's going to feel like you're going to not feel like you're going to go anywhere. But like the example of Canva, so Melanie Perkins, she pitched to at least a hundred different VCs before she got her first investment. , so for some people you could see that as a failure, but actually she was failing forward because she was learning from every single pitch that she was doing. And as she was pitching to all of those different VCs, she learned something from all of those. So just to lay out the expectation whenever you are going to be pitching that you're not going to get investment straight away. It is very lucky if an investor is going to give you money or investment from your very first pitch. Typically venture capitalists are not going to invest in you straight away. They will be seeing at least 500 pitches at any given time and out of 500 pitches they will only invest in three startups or companies that they deem that are worth backing and supporting. So all startups and successful companies are always built from many pitches and I say many and only like in the hundreds of pitches and there'll be iterations of the initial pitch that you do. So, the structure of a pitch, , it goes without saying, you must have a cover title. And, , I'm going to go through like three different, , pitch decks and what they should be covering. So, this is actually, , Airbnb before it was even called Airbnb. So, the thing is with a cover title and the things with pictures, the structure is very similar. And I'm showing basically a format that a lot of startups all over the world and Australia use. So typically they will have a logo, they will have a slogan and they will have a basically like you know