say thank you at the end of a pitch. However you must have a very clear ask of what you want the audience to do. Are you going to be asking them for investments? Are you going to be having a call out for specific team members with skill sets to join your team? Are you looking to make connections or you're looking for specific connections in the industries? Are you looking for certain like customers or customer contacts? Have a very clear and specific call to action. So for Eden Towers, they're saying we are now raising capital to scale. , and basically they're talking about what they're going to be using that capital for. And once you've done that, have a thank you. And al if there is time allocated to ask questions in the audience, always make sure that you're going to be asking questions and from your audience. And as well if you can include an appendix for anticipated questions because a lot of the times there's going to be some investor will be asking you how did you get those numbers? That business model be asking so if you have that ready to go at the end of it to your audience and potential investor practice I cannot emphasize this and I coach and that if you think you've practiced enough you haven't practiced enough you have to practice your pitch until you can basically say it in your sleep right So basically you need to get to a point where you are confident on the stage and I always tell the startup founders like you don't go up on a stage and say no like you have to say you just got off with your hook straight away. Also illustrate that you love your problem and not just your solution. When I say love your problem like the problem that you are trying to solve, right? And really showcase that you've done your research, you've done your validation, you've done, you know, like you actually done the work with like talking to your customers. You've asked them how much they would pay for your solution. You've asked them if they would actually want to use this in their industry or in their line of work. When it comes to the presentation of your slides, simple is best. So, I want to say simple is best. Make sure that you don't have too many images or too many slides on your pitch deck. A lot of technical people are putting graphs and like pie charts and all that on there, but there'll be too much information. If it's too much information, you're going to lose your audience. And if it's like a threeminute pitch, that is the last thing that you want to do because they won't know where to pay the attention to. They don't want to pay attention to you speaking or on the slides. So your slides must be simple. And also on top of that, make sure that they are accessible. When I say accessible, you have to actually cater for people who could be color blind. So make sure that your slides at a bare minimum have to be able to be projected onto a screen. And something to look out for colors like green and yellow sometimes on a projector can basically are not legible on especially a large screen. So I think there was one starter conference where basically someone had yellow and it was just like the bright yellow and basically no one could read what was on their slide deck. So make sure that you don't fall into that trap. Make sure that you have something that stands out and differentiates you from yourself but is actually going to be allegible. And also when you have when you're pitching, have fun. You got to like showcase that you are confident, you love what you do and enjoy the stage when you're pitching or the audience and your investors are going to see that, right? And even if they don't fully agree with your startup, they don't fully agree with the problem that you're trying to solve, but if they believe in you as a person and they are curious to know more, then you've done your job. And you can do that by having fun. And also ask yourself if you're an investor, what would you like to see? What would you want to see when someone is pitching? Right? So I kind of like highlighted a lot of the things that investors they're typically looking as I said for the problem the solution market validation your team. So those are the things as a bare minimum they would be looking for and also like look out for something like if it's for a specific industry audience or panel like have like do your research as well. Who's going to be in the crowd? Who's going to be in your audience? And you can put a play into your pitch if it allows it to. All right, any questions? >> Thank you so much. I guess I would like to ask you this question because you mentioned that you already win one of these peach presentation. So that was about can you just briefly talk about it like we would like to know I mean I wanted to ask you to pitch it for us but I was thinking maybe that's a very harsh question to ask you with us but since you practice maybe you are ready to pitch it to us but I just wanted to learn from you what was your idea. >> Sure. So the pitch that won at started weekend was basically it goes like this. Do you know someone in your family or your friendship group has been scammed? All right. So then I'll ask everyone, okay, we're all been like scammed and it's absolutely awful. Than I say. We as Australians, we get scammed out $2 billion every year by scams. And basically, we're thinking about, you know, older like vulnerable people who have like funds taken away from them. And at the moment, there's not a lot that the industry is doing to prevent this, right? Because every year it's getting worse and worse and worse. Then I talk about my solution which is called scam alarm. And scam alarm is basically it is a mobile app that links family members to each other so that they're able to prevent scams from happening. So if your for example your grandma or nana is getting a text or phone call from someone they do not know, it will alert her sons and her grandsons to say grandma has received this text from this unknown number and basically from a family perspective they can block that interaction with the grandma. So basically that was the solution I am proposing to prevent this from happening. That's an example of the pitch I did initially. Yeah. >> Yeah. Thank you. I was just kind of an example of how our students because again I was in the internship meet meeting with the meet internship meeting with the students and industry. So I've seen a lot of our students working with the industry they come with kind of addressing with a mobile app or website or some data visualization they are trying to support a service to the client or in a street client. So that was something that I want them to have an idea from. Yeah. What you just said having said that so your application is offering that to the people who are living in the same country or someone can get if I if my father receive this type of like can we work from overseas like outside Australia or is just working in Australia? The whole idea for it was to work outside of Australia as well. >> that basically obviously we have family all over the world. And these attacks can happen at any time. So the whole idea is as a family plan that if you have one family member who could not help basically receive the notification that grandma is getting this text then basically there another family member who can say hey I don't know who this is from. I'm going to block it. >> All right. Yeah, that's a great idea because a lot of these type of technologies are still is not really user friendly for some of the you know elders in our family members. All right. So is there any question for Maine? Again for those students who are going to watch this pitch presentation that was just a showcase of how the product that you're going to submit to us as part of design for change is decided to be a 4minut video and that 4minut video I just wanted to give you this option of presenting the way