pitch, , it goes without saying, you must have a cover title. And, , I'm going to go through like three different, , pitch decks and what they should be covering. So, this is actually, , Airbnb before it was even called Airbnb. So, the thing is with a cover title and the things with pictures, the structure is very similar. And I'm showing basically a format that a lot of startups all over the world and Australia use. So typically they will have a logo, they will have a slogan and they will have a basically like you know an intro introduction here. So for Airbnb the slogan is book rooms for locals rather than hotels. Nowadays you would say that slogan is a little bit too long. Slogans typically if you can get it down to at least six words or less. But that's not like a hard rule. It's u basically trying to make your startup memorable to investors so that they know what you do without having to look at your pitch again. And this is a company based here in WA called Eden Towers. So basically they do like farming in a way that is ultra sustainable. So their slogan is future farming and food company sorry the slogan is sustainable produce for a healthy future. So that's one, two, three, four, five. Is that six? Yeah, six words. , basically that's a good succinct slogan. And it basically like you see mushrooms in the background and it kind of gives you that curiosity. So basically a cover title should be like, oh, I want to see what they're going to do. , and this is another one called Hakio. So basically they're all about eliminating global waste and they're all about eliminating waste in the supply chain which sounds very boring but as a startup founder it is your job to actually make your startup and the problem that you want to solve super interesting. So that's just the cover title and typically the first thing that you want to talk about is the problem. What is the problem that you are solving in your industry or in your field. And I always say like give them a hook, right? So typically if a pitch allows time and pitches typically can range from anywhere from 30 seconds, 3 minutes, 5 minutes to 10 minutes. However what I've seen in the industry is that 3 minutes is the standard. So your hook has to be really good. So the problem for Airbnb it's like you know it's really expensive to book something online and also hotels just don't connect you with the city in a cultural way. And basically it's like it's not easy for a host to actually like get someone to go into the room. That's probably like their hook. So basically for Hakio this is basically highlighting hey companies waste 1. 1 trillion euros due to poor planning. And that straight away it's like whoa that's kind of like a lot of money. So basically they will be describing that you know this is a big industry problem that they have there. And for Eden Towers they kind of went on the angle of our health is under immense pressure and basically what is this problem? Basically they're saying that look there's chemicals and preservatives in our crops and it's going to be dangerous and basically it's there's supply chains that have compounding problems and that you know worldwide we're seeing increase in illnesses. So as someone who is going to be listening to this pitch you like oh okay tell me more. So the hook should basically want your audience to kind of like okay tell me more how are you going to be solving this problem. You told me the problem right and you given me some stats you given me some numbers around the problem. How are you going to solve that? So this is an optional slide around either the vision or the market potential. So I was saying before that because 3 minutes is not a lot of time. It's 180 seconds and that goes very quickly. So this like this vision or market potential slide is only like placed there if you have the time and if it's actually relevant to how your solution is going to solve that. So for Airbnb they're talking about hey look there's like over two billion trips booked worldwide. And basically like they're talking about what is the budget and online for the serviceable available market and for Hakio they're talking about again the global market around in Europe in the United States and in the rest of the world. So now I was talking about the solution. So basically, your solution needs to be connected to the problem that you're trying to solve. So for Airbnb, they're saying, "Hey, look, we want to save money and make sure that if you're a host that you're making money and that also you want to have that connection to the city, which is one of the things that makes it separate from like your normal hotels u for Hakio. So basically they're saying that how could you stock the right quantities at the right times while eliminating manual nonvalue adding work and for Haku because it's more of a SAS platform or a service as a software as a service product basically and they're showing like a screenshot of what their product does. And for Eden Towers, they're saying they take the traditional farm supply chain, food production model, invertedly integrate and transform the supply chain. So when they're talking about the solution, it'd be slightly high level and then you'll have more time to actually talk about if you had like traction or not. So again a competition slide is only given if time allows you to showcase if you have if it's like within 3 minutes or is actually going to be leading into how you made like your traction. So basically for Airbnb they're saying look they're more affordable and it's also they have like an online like transaction too. So basically they're demonstrating their unique selling point. So for their validation interaction so Hakio were talking about like basically how they were able to get more revenue or how they were able to save like the due to cost savings for some customers. So for Eden Towers they produce clean nutrient-rich value for money food and deliverance in hours. And basically they just showcase a model of how that could work. And typically if you were going to say for example in 6 months we got our first two customers. And you can actually just say that you don't necessarily have to present it only if you want to and if you feel that those numbers are significant for your audience. Also it's important for your audiences especially for the investors that they want to see what the business model is. So for Airbnb they basically say we'll be taking 10% commission on each transaction. So they say on average there's a $20 fee. Mind you, this Airbnb slide deck is like their very first slide deck. , so this is this is why it looks so basic. , but I just want to illustrate that the principles of what they're showing is pretty much like there and hasn't really changed all that much. , and also if you have a team, always showcase who you who your team is , and who you work with. So this is Airbnb's , initial , founding team , and this is , for Hakio. So basically just that it's always worth showing your qualifications, show your credibility, and show as well where they've worked at before. Because that kind of gives investors or your audience that confidence that you know like you've done like really great work in the past and basically they see that you know your past work is a reflection of your future work as well within your team. So the structure of a pitch once you've demonstrated your team and at the end of that you must always have an ask or a call to action. So your pitch is not going to be ending with just a oh thank you like yes you should say thank you at the end of a pitch. However you must have a very clear ask of what you want the audience to do. Are you going to be asking them for investments? Are you going to be having a call out for specific team members with skill sets to join your team? Are you looking to make connections or you're looking for specific connections in the industries? Are you looking for certain like customers or customer contacts? Have a very clear and specific call to action. So for Eden Towers, they're saying we are now raising capital to