join us in the room. So I guess to fill this gap and to wait for Kelan do you see the you know the response coming for the people's choice? >> Yes. Yes. People are responding. It's in progress. >> , yes, it's in progress. It's stopped now. So perhaps everybody has voted. >> Okay. , >> unless they can get somebody else to vote. >> Yeah, I guess I Let's announce that after the judges announcement. Please just watch the responses. So I guess we are going to announce soon. That is the message. So if you have your friends or family that they enjoy your video, you're welcome to share that link with them and we are going to monitor the responses to announce the people's choice for the start talking 2022. I guess with this time meanwhile we are waiting for the judges to arrive into the main room and for us to be able to announce the start talking 2022 the judges choice. I would like to invite you to reflect on the other this kind of activities. So for the competitors you have chance to claim your you know the amount of the hours that you spent to create this 4minut video and that is going to be shared with Fiona who is the coordinator of the emerging leaders program. So please be in contact with us and I'm going to work with Kelen and Irene. I would like to appreciate your collaboration on this event. This is the I think we started since 2019 and that's our plan to continue with this competition and we go ahead and hopefully one day we can invite this is a competition that can be run globally. They can invite you know passionate science communicators around the globe to share their concerns based on their u destination that they are living and we have another competition on 3rd of November that is the STEM infographic so if you create four minute video that is going to be the entry to the STEM infographic but you need to collect the data related to your topic and the challenge, the science challenge and you need to record your infographic which is a visualization of the data and that again forming in the format of the four minute and then that could be a team entry or an individual entry. So we have a prize of 400 bucks for 4 minute video similar to this. So you're welcome to communicate with us and we hope you improve your skills during this you know practices and come to know about each other and come to know about you know the judges and our industry partner. So that could help you in future. I guess I have a one minute window open in front of me for the judges to return to the main room and I'm appreciate for your valuable time. We are almost there and of course I want to make sure that everyone is ready when the judges are and castlan are going to announce the winner. I am going to ask you to turn on your video for the screenshot of your a photo with a photo of us. So please make sure in few minutes you're ready to turn on your video. If you have any question or concerns meanwhile we are waiting for another 40 seconds I'm here to answer. Irene are you here? >> Yes. Yes. >> recently you have a visit. Did you come go back to Malaysia? >> a Australia. Well, you are still in Australia. >> Oh, no, no, no. Okay. Now, now, now in Malaysia, it was just one week. Yes. >> Okay. That was just one week. Nice. >> Yeah. >> Great. All right. So, I'm hoping by this time the judges coming back in 55 seconds. So, here we go. We have all the judges joining us. Very exciting time. So, we had a fun activity cohoot based on the video. Kelan is monitoring the people's choice and now we have a judges who is going to make that announcement. >> I will although I feel like I just got nervous all of a sudden. , so yeah, we wanted to we were just commenting that we thought the quality of all the presentations were really great and we appreciated all the different topics that were explored. So it was great to see everybody's passion, you know, across such a good spectrum of really interesting ideas. So we'll start by saying that there was a tie for second place. So, we'll start with announcing who tied for second place. So, in second place, we had the taste of plastic and shipping hydrogen to your home. So, congratulations. You guys, those were two fantastic talks. Very, very good. Very interesting. And our first place talk was Stephanie. Congratulations. Tilapia fishk skin band-aid we found just very interesting and the quality of the presentation was really good. So great work. >> Thank you so much. That bring us to this amazing moment where all of you are the winner. I wish if I had enough research funding to support you all but I guess this is not about we just find each other and we find that we are passionate about science communication. This is the start maybe if you didn't work with this kind of video. This is just the beginning and we have our amazing Adobe coaches. You can improve your skills and coming and share this kind of inspiring video representing what is happening in Australia and to the world. And I would like to thank you so much all the judges for your valuable time. Keslan, could you please give us the announcement for the people's choice? >> All right. For the winners of the people's choice. I have coming in at second place. So we'll announce the same thing. So we have two from the second place we have the all right just to make sure. All right. The under representation of women in leadership position within STEM fields. And for the first place in the people's choice award, we have shipping hydrogen to your home. >> Wow. Congratulation to Stephanie and congratulation to me and congratulation to everyone. Now to record this moment of happiness and this great outcome and achievement. I really would like to invite you all to turn on your video. I promise I'm going to just have you record your smile and I give you 10 seconds which I count down from 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 one and a half. Come on. Turn on your video if you can. So I'm going to if you can please smile this moment. One, two, three. So wait a minute. I just want to see if that is working because that's very important moment to capture. So I should open this word. Okay. Yes. Oh good. Thank you so much all the judges, all the collaborators and everyone in the room. Thank you so much. You did a great job. See you next year in another start talking competition. >> Take care. >> Great work everyone. >> Thank you. >> Thank you Katherine Irene Virginia everyone. Congratulations beta. Bye. >> Thank you. Bye. I'm going to share the videos with you.