# VIDEO: Start Talking Live showcase 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

work for many people, but for around one in three with major depression, they just don't cut it. This is called treatment resistant depression or TRD. And here's where alternative treatments come in. Psychedelic therapy is the use of drugs including LSD, psilocybin, and DMA, ioesca, which is from a South American plant, and more recently ketamine to treat a range of mental illnesses. The therapeutic use of psychedelics definitely isn't a new concept. It dates back centuries being involved in healing rituals and ceremonies in native cultures across the world. They made their way into western medicine in the mid 1900s and this only stopped really when it became a popular recreational drug and stigma and legal barriers caused on the research. Psychedelic therapy is making a comeback in the last decade or so, but it's still sitting in the clinical trials phase and hence isn't widely available yet. I'm going to be focusing on psilocybin and its effects on treatment resistant depression in this talk. Now you might be wondering what does psychedelic therapy actually involve? It tends to be one to two sessions where a very measured dose of psilocybin is ingested. This is in a safe environment supervised by a specially trained mental health professional. These sessions are in amongst several talk therapy sessions which help prepare the patient for the trip and also reflect on it. Looking at a 12 patient clinical trial from 2015. Depressive symptoms in most participants were very significantly decreased for many even to the point of remission. This is both immediately after the session and at a three-month followup. There were also no lasting adverse effects reported and other similar trials have had similar results as well. This indicates that psilocybin could be pretty much a once- off treatment for depression which is a massive difference to taking daily anti-depressants which have limited success and often many side effects. Whilst keeping in mind the very small sample size of this particular study and the need for a longerterm followup, it sounds promising enough to call for further research. Now, how does this actually work on the brain? I'm going to be honest, there isn't enough knowledge about the brain causes of depression or the impact of psychoactive drugs to answer this question completely. A main theory is based on neuroplasticity, which is the idea that the brain's connections are flexible and can be strengthened, weakened, or rearranged. Being under the influence of a psychoactive drug increases neuroplasticity and kind of opens up the neural pathways in the brain which can be really beneficial if it takes place in a therapeutic environment. Now psychedelic therapy is far from an accessible treatment in Australia at the moment. Psilocybin's class as a schedule 9 drug in Australia which for comparison so is heroin. That's the second most restricted class of medicine. It's only legal in clinical trials and would need to be reclassified as schedule 8 to be a still very highly regulated but legally available treatment for people with a need for it. The current trials are mostly in phase one and two, meaning it's still being tested for safety and effectiveness. Phase three will check the efficacy at a much larger scale and needs to be completed with positive results before the treatment can move out into the world. Despite the road ahead, this can potentially become a lifesaver for millions of people struggling to get adequate help with their depression. I hope you've learned something new in the last few minutes. Thanks for your time. >> All right, thank you Gabriella. So, we are open to one or two questions from the judges and we can move on to the last video. I can ask a question if Rebecca go ahead. >> So sorry if I missed this but is there one type of psychoan that's been proven to be more effective in the studies? >> so I didn't see any like research that had a specific type of psilocybin in it or not. It was all just kind of classed as just psilocybin. I think some of like a lot of the research would be psilocybin that was kind of created in the lab rather than from an actual mushroom. Yeah, >> thanks. >> Thank you. So judges, we are happy with the showcasing of this topic and the video and the question. Okay, thank you so much Gabriella. So, we are going to invite the last competitor mean to be ready and I want to ask my collaborator co-host Declan and Castan to be ready because after mean I'm going to be honest I just learned how I can break make a breakout rooms in Zoom. So, I'm going to act on that to invite the judges to the to go to the breakout rooms and then I'm going to ask Declan to play the cohoot question. I'm going to ask Klan to add the link for the people's choice in the chat. Okay. But right now, let's focus on the last video. Min, are you here? >> Yeah, I'm I'm here. >> Good. So, could you please share your video with us? Hello everyone, my name is Minten and today I want to talk with you about the hydrogen energy. Most specifically focusing on the way to storage and transportation of hydrogen. First please I have a question for you. How long do you think that we can produce energy by keep burning fossil fuels? 10 years, 10 years, 100 years, but it can't be forever. That's why we need to fight a more sustainable energy and that's renewable energy. Actually, we have been use some type of renewable energy for a long time such as the solar energy or the wind energy. But they all have problem that if fluctuation depend on the season or region and especially they cannot storage or transport like fossil fuel. So hydrogen energy is a solution. So what is hydrogen energy? Simply hydrogen energy is use of hydrogen to generate energy. Energy from hydrogen can be electricity, heat or power. But the basic reaction is that we use hydrogen to combine with oxygen and the final product is just water. Really friendly to the environment. However, there's one big problem for the hydrogen that is hard to store or transport in a large amount because hydrogen is a gas in normal condition and especially it's easy to explode like this. Wow, it's so scary, right? So, one of the traditional way to store hydrogen is you liquid hydrogen. It means we will use high pressure and low temperature to transfers hydrogen from gas to the liquid and put it in storage. However, it has so many limitations such as it require expensive material to make special storage tank or it will cost much energy to keep high pressure and low temperature. H I guess after the information many of you will not support hydrogen anymore. But >> hold up wait a minute. >> Luckily scientists have find new way to deal with this problem that is using the LT technology. LC is standing for the liquid organic hydrogen carrier. H it's so complicated but basically we'll use an oil like organic compound that can chemically b hydrogen into it structure and later it can release hydrogen back for usage. Let's take an example. For example, I have delicious oranges and I want to give it to my friend but he is so far. In this case, oranges is an example of the hydrogen. So to deal with that, I just need to take a back. A bag is example of the L O S put in it and then it to my friend. Later my friend can easily take the oranges out and can reuse the bag later. This is also a feature of the LC as it can be reusable. Really awesome. This technology has so many benefits. Firstly, it will make hydrogen more safety. This is an experiment about the safety of using LG. As I have showed before, norly with just a small fire, hydrogen can be explosion. But when it's stored in LG, it's really safe and stable under the normal condition. So, it's suitable for onboard storage, transportation, or usage. More than that because LC is very similar to oil or DSO is suitable with the existing infrastructure that have been built for the liquid fuels. So it can be applied without building a new whole system. Let's imagine in the future if you want to get hydrogen fuel for your car, you just need to make a call to order and then it will ship directly to your home. Really convenient. Finally, this technology is still have so many potential for the future development. For example, currently scientists are focusing on how to make the unpack and back hydrogen reaction more effective. On the other side, they are also finding the most suitable LOC