just join. Do you want to share your video with us if you can turn? >> Oh >> yes for sure. For sure. >> Oh perfect. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. If you can please share your video, make sure that you takeick off the sound. Yep. Hi everyone, my name is Min and today I want to talk to you about how microbes in the soil affect the nutrition of food we consume and how we can apply healthy gardening practices like compulsing to increase soy quality for food productions. In the natural environment, cls are part of a rich ecosystem, including numerous and diverse microorganism in the soil. They all work together to contribute to plant performance by improving the mineral nutrition of the soil. One of those important factors in the soil is the microbes. So, so microbes refer to tiny microorganism living in the soil. While most microb soil serve the purpose of decompositions, they can also play a major role in the growth and development of plants. Do you know that up to 1 billion bacteria can be found in a teaspoon of soy and some different microorganism can impact different nutrition level and ultimately the needs of plants in the so garden soy. So how specifically do soy microbes affect the nutritions of plants? Well, different types of microbes in the soil such as bacteria, fungi, and protozoa all work together to serve specific functions. So for example, beneficial mettosis are microbes in the soil that can help combat potential threat to plant health or microisi. It's a type of fungi that can improve the plant ability to receive water leading to healthier, more nutritious crops. In Australia, estimates suggest that between four and 13% of the general populations are food insecure due to lack of food production in remote area. Scientists are researching ways to grow more food without using more land or water to meet the demand of war populations. And one recent research focuses on the soil microbes in which plant grows. One common practice that has been applied to improve home gardening quality and quantity. It's called aerobic composting. Composting is the process of producing aerobic compost through the decomposition of biodegradable organic matter. Compost is proven to generate food impacts on the environment. First, composting allow food waste to degrade in the present of oxygen meaning no methane it produce. And secondly, composting might make natural nutrition recycling process of breaking down natural materials to produce organic fertilizers like good microbes for the market for home composting product is enormous. With the development of new technology that apply IoT to control composting, we can produce necessary microbes for better soils. One example of quality modular composting system for consumer in Australia is the subst compost system. So the Australian main subost is capable of hosting composting worms and bacteria to transform waste like paper and food scrap into rich compost. We will then use compost to improve the garden soil health for better nutritious and quality crops. With a good soil quality as a result of putting in composting, we can control and produce more nutritious crop for the home gardening space. And with more knowledge regarding beneficial microorganism in the soil, we can apply them to restore and maintain healthy garden ecosystem and produce more nutritious craft for human regarding limited pay or resources. Thank you for listening. All right, thank you so much and now we are open and to one or two questions from the judges. Claire. >> Yeah, I could go first. , I guess what I was interested in is where you thought the real innovation was because you mentioned that there were so many composting options on the market already. So, I just guess I would be interested to know more about, you know, where you think, you know, the real future and the real innovation is here. What I think the real in innovation is here that they focus on design of the subboard and they focus on building a modular design of that. So when we have a modular design of such product it's easier to target a large consumer audience. , anyone can have a house at their home and if you check their website to see the mockup of how they position the product in the garden or in the balcony, it's really easy to imagine how you could fit the product in there as a consumer. >> Okay, thanks. Thank you. Do we have one more question for Neon? If we don't considering the time. Thank you so much Nan. I guess I am going to invite the next competitor in my list which is going to be Hashita. >> Yes. >> Thank you. >> I'm just going to share my screen. >> Perfect. And I'm here to check give you >> Yep. Is it sharing? >> It's sharing. I'm just waiting for the sound. >> Hi everyone, my name is Sashita and today I want to talk about the under representation of women in leadership positions within STEM. Now before we move on, can you take a moment and guess the percentage of women in leadership positions in STEM industries in Australia? Well, women only make up 10% of leadership positions in STEM industries in Australia. This came as a shock to me as well. In fact, a recent report by the chief executive woman states that female representation in Australia's top companies is going backwards and it will take 100 years for women to have 40% of CEO position in Australia's top companies. But why is this still the case in 2022? We still see a wide gender gap in science, technology, engineering, and maths. We see very few women in leadership roles in STEM. They find it hard to succeed due to gender barriers, hostile work environments, lower pay, and so many more. Due to the difficulties of women succeeding in STEM, they end up quitting these fields altogether. The STEM industry in Australia has one of the largest pay gaps. Women in the technical, professional, and scientific services fields earn 24. 4% 4% on average less than men. They have comparable degrees, but they are still getting paid less. These pay gaps hinder women from pursuing a career in STEM and from advancing into leadership positions. In fact, Professor Lisa Harvey Smith, the Australian government women in STEM ambassador, says that once a company has recruited a highly trained woman in STEM jobs, it is hard for them to stop hating their experience and leaving before they become leaders. This has to change. Women need to secure a role in leadership position. There have been seven suggested solutions created by the chief executive woman and the Boston Consulting Group to tackle this issue. Some of these include requiring gender balance interviews for all talent pools and ensuring organizations have foundational gender equality policies. These are the actions that organizations can take to advance women's leadership in STEM. The chief executive woman also have a leaders program with the main motive of women leaders enabling women leaders. This program has helped lots of women as you can see through these statistics. Inspiring women from a young age to get into STEM is very important. In fact, I got into learning science and now majoring in biochemistry because of the female role models I had growing up. A survey conducted by Microsoft displayed that young girls show interest in STEM by the age of 11, but they rapidly lose interest by the time they're 15 because of the limited female role models. Schools should invite women speakers to inspire women from a young age and encourage them to pursue a degree in STEM. Science and Technology Australia has a program known as Superstars of STEM that aims to increase women representation. This program has 150 women from different backgrounds who are role models and engage with 33,000 kids inspiring the next generation of women in STEM. The office of the women and STEM Ambassador is planning to launch a STEM equity evaluation portal in which the consultation helps the office know if they're designing the right thing for women. The number of companies setting gender balance policy has increased by 7% since 2021 and we want to see it increase in the future. The lack of representation of women in leadership roles within the STEM industry is an issue that still remains unresolved. Women must play an influential role in the future of STEM. To increase women's leadership in STEM, STEM companies should achieve a 40% men, 40% women, and 20% open ratio in the interviewing and hiring process. Government should also give priority to organizations with gender balanced leadership. Representation of women as leaders is crucial where important decisions are made and where they serve as role models for future generations. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. That was a different topic and interesting.