Luckily, solution to aid in the reduction of some of these harmful effects and that solution is green infrastructure. But what is green infrastructure? Well, put simply, green infrastructure is the incorporation of nature into our constructions of buildings and civil designs that provide us with many beneficial effects. Here is another example of green infrastructure. In this example, five different ways of incorporating green systems into buildings are shown. Green roofs, green balconies, green walls, sky gardens, and indoor gardens. However, green infrastructure can be incorporated into projects in more complex ways or far more simple ways. Some benefits of incorporating green infrastructure into Australian cities include rediversifying the urban areas with native flora while also providing habitat for native fauna. It also aids in the maintenance of water and energy systems which is extremely important as we heading towards a future where these resources will be very sparse. Here's a table of different green techniques mentioned before and energy impacts on the cooling and heating of buildings. For example, green roofs act as both an insulator repeat and an effective shading strategy during summer. Increasing green destruction in urban areas also aids in human health, both mental and physical. Plants and trees have a natural ability to filter air, turning unknown greenhouse gas into O2, an element that we breathe. Increasing the area of plants and trees also aids in the natural water system. Plants also have the natural ability to filter water, increasing green areas in cities will also aid in water infiltration, cause less soil erosion and contribute to storm water control. Several countries have taken the green infrastructure approach that we can learn from. Most notably Singapore, one of the greenest cities in the world. In 2020, over 46. 5% of the city was covered in green spaces. Here you can see just how successful some of these strategies have been. They have even implemented veggie gardens on the rooftops of buildings and have cited more native species residing in the city. Everything comes with limitations as does green infrastructure. The issues with making our infrastructure as green as possible revolves around these four main issues. Ensuring that adequate funding from government or other parties is crucial in implementing green infrastructure. The space in which to incorporate green infrastructure. Some may think our cities are already overdeveloped and have no room to add these features. The time it takes to design, propose, constructing green infrastructure and notice significant improvements on the health of citizens and the environment. And finally, the adequate maintenance of the green infrastructure to ensure the longevity of the projects and their positive impacts. Thank you for listening. >> Thank you. I think I hope that we all the judges we here like you watch this video and of course I would like to invite you to come up with a question for Charlie maybe up to three minutes. So I let you to decide who is going to ask and based on the answer how long we have for the second question maybe who wants to go from the judges to ask question from Charlie or comments. Virginia >> thank you I think this is a really great topic to research and I really enjoyed the presentation so thanks for that. I was wondering in your research you know imagine greening a city or an urban area will take a lot of management. Do what how do the examples that you presented how were they how did they come about? Were they sort of grassroots or did was it sort of like the council going this is our plan and they've got a really big scientific thing like how what do you think is the best way to be able to actually get this implemented into urban areas from your research? >> first of all I'd like to thank Claire for sharing the video. I'm not sure what happened with the sound there. And to answer your question, most of my research that I found was not in Australia. So it was kind of hard to think of a example significant to Australia. >> But I think the main thing with the management, I think it's all up to the government really like ensuring a good government with good policies and that actually cares about our environment and the future. >> Yeah. Thank you. No worries. >> , I've got a quick question that kind of backs on to that. , in terms of the research that you did in other countries, are there , examples of retrofitting old buildings or is most of the work being done for buildings that are , incorporating these kind of green designs into the future? >> Yeah, going into my research, I was really interested in the retrofitting old buildings. I think that's more important than designing new buildings with green infrastructure. But there wasn't much on that. That's why in my limitations I had space as one of them because it's it is obviously harder to add it to existing buildings instead of incorporating it into new designs. >> Great. Thanks. >> No worries. >> All right. So, I guess if you are happy and I didn't ask Charlie because he might be at work and I didn't ask him to turn on his video, but I want the competitors to please be ready when you're talking with the judges. Please turn on your video. We want to see you and be able to communicate with you, I guess. If you can please JM if you can please share your video. >> Okay. Howdy everyone. My name is Jotum Lee. Welcome to my presentation video. Did you all know that the world population is estimated to reach 9. 7 billion by 2050 with accompanying global food consumption increasing by 70% to 100%. And to make matters worse, food waste assessates inefficiencies in food production. Low fertility and animal reproductive issues also impede the effectiveness of livestock operations in many parts of the world. One of the most challenging problems we face in the 21st century is feeding 9 to 10 billion people sustainably by 2050 while mitigating environmental impacts such as greenhouse gas emissions, biodiversity loss, land use change, and loss of ecosystem services. Food security must be ensured to achieve this aim. And what is food security you ask? That is indeed a very good question. According to the United Nations, food security is defined as the physical and economic availability of all people at all times to adequate, safe and nutritious food to suit their dietary needs and food choices for an active and healthy life. This brings us to my topic in which we will be looking at the significance of nanotechnology in ensuring sustainable food production and its social impact. Why? Well, to end world hunger of course. Zero hunger is the second sustainable development goal in which this topic heavily focuses on achieving. This development goal aims to end hunger and all forms of malnutrition by 2030. It also commits to universal access to safe, nutritious and sufficient food at all times of the year. So how does nanotechnology work? Nanotechnology is a technology on the nanometer scale and deals with the atoms, molecules or the macroolelecules with the size of approximately 1 to 100 nanometer to create and use materials that have novel properties. Now let us move on to the first part of this presentation on how this topic is significant. First off, nanotechnology advancements have revolutionized a variety of scientific and industrial fields including the food industry. Nanotechnology is significant in a sense that it provides better senses for monitoring physical, chemical or biological properties and processes. Technologies for controlling pathogens to increase food safety and minimize food waste and novel materials for time and targeted agrochemical delivery. With the increasing need for nano particle uses in various fields of food science and food microbiology such as food processing, food packaging, functional food development, food safety, detection of food born pathogens and shelf life extension of food and or food products, nanotechnology applications have emerged. Food nanotechnology has penetrated many sectors of consumer goods including food packaging, additives and food preservation. Several innovative nano materials have been designed to improve food quality and safety, growth of crops and environmental conditions monitoring. Moving on, the viability of this topic. Using nanotechnology for food production is viable in Malaysia because Malaysia has its own national nanotechnology center to coordinate and develop this technology. Wow. Nanotechnology industes on four key strategic sectors to drive the growth of Malaysian nanotechnology sector and the food and agriculture so happens to be one of the sectors. Hence all these clearly show the potential of applying nanotechnology in agricultural food production and its social impact and helping to avert achieving zero hunger. Thank you so much for watching. Bye. Okay, thank you so much. We had few seconds in during at the