# VIDEO: Start Talking Live showcase 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Okay, good afternoon everyone and welcome to start talking 2022. I'm going to share my slides and for those who don't know me my name is beta and I am going to be your host and of course that is going to be I'm just sharing my screen so can someone tell me that I am sharing properly you see >> good >> oh good okay so I guess welcome to the start talking 2020 22. So, I guess this is the housekeeping for the event. So, please make sure that you mute your audio video. By the time I finish my talk, we are going to ask our amazing finalists to share their video and that is going to be followed by a short Q&A from our judges up to three minutes. We are very tied with the time because I wasn't able to ignore all this fantastic video that is submitted to this competition. So I guess when I just want to acknowledge through the con go through the acknowledgements of the country on behalf of the people who participate in this event start talking from Australia and Malaysia. I would like to acknowledge the warjury people who are the traditional custodians of this land and I would like to also pay my respect to the elders both past and present of the colon nation and extend that respect to other indigenous across all the lands that you are actually joining us and especially from Australia and Malaysia. So before we start, I would like to give you that interactive question. I guess always ask these questions because I want to know if we all agree with the same answer. So how important is STEM communication for your career? I guess if you just scan that code and Casselyn is going to tell us in less than one minute what is the response. How many of the students and audience are agree with the answer A and how many percentage are agree with B or I hope nobody choosing C but I'm not going to impact on your answer. Okay, go ahead. Keslan, could you please update us the answers coming? All right. So, yes, the answers are coming in at 80 83% for the first option and 17% for the second option. >> Perfect. And do we have anyone choose C? >> No, it's 0%. So, we're getting more we're getting more option A. >> Okay, good. Now we all in the same page. So we know that the communication is important and considering if you are coming from different field of STEM communication it's very important for your career. So we're all in the same page. Let's continue. Thank you so much Kelen. So again this start talking is the initiative that my myself and my collaborators or we are working on it. We have a vision. We want to invite our talented students who are passionate about science communication to create the fourminut video and the vision that our vision is to make the world a better place to live and hopefully one day this is going to be global but at this stage this is between two campuses here in Australia and Sarak students in Malaysia. So again just the order of the event after my introduction we are going to invite the competitors and then after showcasing nine video we are going to invite our judges to the breakout room where they can make that tough decision to announce the winner of the start talking 2022. And then at the same time in the main room we are going to have some fun activity. So there will be a nine question in a cohort questions based on the video. Please watch the video and I hope you do you know that's for audience to answer the question and the winner is going to receive a prize and of course we are going to run the people's choice. So and I invited your family members, your friends so they can vote to your video and of course after the judges about for 15 minutes they decide on the winner they are going to be invited and one of the judges on behalf of the team they are going we are going to announce the winner of the start talking 2022 and I will ask my colleague Kelen to announce the people's choice and then we are going to have a screenshot with hopefully everyone ready for the video on and with a smile that is going to be a memory of this year and that is going to be the end. So again just quickly this initiative it's me and Kelen and Irene from Malaysia. Of who are very passionate about to support the students and to support them providing this opportunity for them to practice and of course this is the science and I guess we not really confident about public speaking but I guess through all of these years I found like a students coming with the more you know skills and in some cases I should learn from my students. , so what are the other collaborators? Of course, Adobe team, the digital literacy, LTU and Claire on behalf of all the amazing Adobe coaches and all the workshop they're running employability team behind the scenes. They helped me to do you know set all of these the registration and all of these session events is going to be recorded available to all the Swer students and staff and of course the teaching team of the communication for scientists and of course our consistent you know ongoing partnership between with the insurance Australia group. We always have a Harriet is there is here today. She is representing the I A and of course this is not going to happen without you the passionate students. We are here for you. Thank you so much for spending this time to create your the inspiring video. And that take us to the start talking 2022 judges. And apparently we have a female judging panel this time. So I guess Virginia. So thank you so much. And Rebecca Allen and Harriet and Claire, they are our judges and we are going to watch your video and I'm sure that you are going to be inspired. I've already watched and I can't stop watching them again. So and our amazing selected nine finalists. So I guess these are the combination. We have finalists from Malaysia, from Saraveak and here which is fantastic. And this is the people's choice. So I am going to ask u my co-host Declan to add this eventually in the chat room. But I guess if you scan this code, you can but please wait. You need to watch the do you know all of the nine videos be before you make a decision. Okay. And I know that you are here to support your family member, your friends. But please I think that is it. So, I'm going to stop sharing and I'm going to I'm going from my list I'm going to ask Charlie to present the video. So, I guess Claire, do you think that you can share this video considering yours was with a better volume? I we check all of the video they all working but in case of Charlie's video it's a with a very low volume so I hope you sitting in a quiet room. Thank you so much. Let me just turn everything up. My apologies. I'll just start now. Let me know if you can hear this though. Hello, my name is Charlie Cotton and I'm here to talk about the importance of the incorporation and maintenance of green infrastructure in urban Australian areas. Urban Australian areas such as Melbourne are significantly expanding due to their livability, experiences, and resources they provide to their citizens. Melbourne's population growth is consistent, adding around 70,000 to 180,000 people to its overall population every year. And with such a large population, sustainable and eco-friendly infrastructure is crucial to maintain a healthy city. Environmental problems associated with excessive urbanization include increased pollution which affects water, soil and air qualities. Increased usage of natural resources such as food and building materials. Sigment reduction of Australian native biodiversity increased urbanization can also increase the risk of diseases and pandemics. Luckily, solution to aid in the reduction of some of these harmful effects and that solution is green infrastructure. But what is green infrastructure? Well, put simply, green infrastructure is the incorporation of nature into our constructions of buildings and civil designs that provide us with many beneficial effects. Here is another example of green infrastructure. In this example, five different ways of incorporating green systems into buildings are shown. Green roofs, green balconies, green walls, sky gardens, and indoor gardens. However, green infrastructure can be incorporated into projects in more complex ways or far more simple ways. Some benefits