of this topic. Using nanotechnology for food production is viable in Malaysia because Malaysia has its own national nanotechnology center to coordinate and develop this technology. Wow. Nanotechnology industes on four key strategic sectors to drive the growth of Malaysian nanotechnology sector and the food and agriculture so happens to be one of the sectors. Hence all these clearly show the potential of applying nanotechnology in agricultural food production and its social impact and helping to avert achieving zero hunger. Thank you so much for watching. Bye. Okay, thank you so much. We had few seconds in during at the end with no sound but I hope the judges hear what you produce. Thank you so much. So I guess now if you can turn on your video and be ready for some of the questions from the panel. Thank you. Can I just go? I mean, maybe I went last time. Do you want to go first, Claire? >> Harriet and Rebecca are also here, so I don't know. Harriet, do you have any question? >> Yeah, I did I did have a question. , >> yes, please go ahead. >> Quite a good quite enlightening. I haven't thought about nanotechnology use food production. So, it was very interesting. , what were some of the kind the social and ethical issues? Did you come across those when you were doing some research of how you might apply nanotechnology to food? Just interested to understand that. >> Sorry, could you please repeat? >> Yeah, just what were what were the any social or ethical issues came up when you were doing some of your research of what maybe some barriers to the nanotechnology in food would be? Yeah, people were concerned about the health issues because nanomaterials and nano particles incorporating them in food products might cause health issues to the consumers. So yeah, that's definitely one of the barriers. >> Okay, thank you. Maybe we can go with one more question. Virginia, Rebecca, >> Virginia, do you want to go or Okay. I was going to ask is there a specific application I guess? So nanotechnology, you mentioned kind of some areas that it could be useful, but I was just wondering if you could hone in on a specific application that you found that you thought would be the most useful in terms of food production. I guess it would be nano fertilizer because it can helps in the growth of crops which can ensure sustainable food production throughout the year despite climate change and yeah everything else. >> Great. Thank you. >> Welcome. , Virginia, do you have a short question to ask or we can skip? >> Let's let's skip and sorry about before my mute was not working. So, >> no worries. Let's go. Let's go on. That was great. Thank you. >> Thank you. I guess I just want to clarify to the audience. This is the majority of our competitors they are in the second year of the science and they create this based on not a very deep you know by practice research it's based on their passion topic and it's made for the community and the broader audience. So I guess with this we can I can see if Neoen it's coming in the if we have I don't know if I pronounce your name because you were not in the practice so newen so the title for your project is the modern composting to maintain soil health. >> Okay, I'm just checking my list to see if she's not here. I can skip to the next students and competitor. And please let me know if you join later. But because of the timing, I have to move on because I cannot see her in the list. So this next competitor is Stephanie from Sarowak. So Stephanie do you want to show share your video please? >> Okay. >> Thank you. Burns are skin injuries mainly caused by heat due to flames, chemical contact, etc. Every day over 30,000 people suffer new burns that require medical attention. Around 180,000 mortalities occur in low and middle inome countries whereas non-fatal burns are a leading cause of mobidity. One of the reasons is due to wound coverage. In UK, wounds are accountable for 3% of the total health system. Within this figure, wound dressing occupies 15% of the wound treating resources. In Denmark, an average of 3. 53 dressing changes were performed weekly with 23% of wounds having dressing changed daily. Moreover, the patients experience distress and discomfort whenever the dressings are removed and the hospital length of stay which depends on the patients healing rates can induce high treatment costs that can be unaffordable for them. Hence, we would like to propose tilopish skin and innovative wound healing genograph as the current substitute for burn patients. Tilapia fish is a marine species cultivated in most tropical and subtropical countries. The fish skin of this delicacy is an unedible byproduct. This fish skin contains a high level of type one collagen morphologically similar to those in humans. Note that collagen functions to support connective tissue, retain moisture, and most importantly facilitate healing. Based on a research paper, no dressing changes were performed. Not only fish skin has a good adherence that can better prevent wound infection, it can reduce financial cost and raises a longer quality adjusted life year. While in healthc care's perspective, it can shorten nursing time which can in turn increase their productivity especially at moments with limited nursing resources. Nonetheless, only few related and relevant number of studies were done. Further testing and research are needed to guarantee that this biological dressing is safe. In terms of future outlook, the demands of tilapia fish skin bandaid can lead to the expansion of fish farming. A disease outbreak would normally occurs when there are too many cultivated fish. This is something to be considered in future by respective authorities. As an overview, we hope our audience learns something from the video. We hope that you can support this healthcare implementation while feeling less resistant to the fishy appearance of tilapia fish skin band-aid. Thank you, Stephanie. And I appreciate if you turn on your video and we might have one or two questions from the judges. I can ask a question. So Stephanie, you did mention how popular tilapia is as a farmed fish. I guess my question is using the dressing the skin of the tilapia, could that actually be a byproduct of the farming tilapia fish for eating? So is it kind of is it a natural byproduct of the industry or would it have to be something that would be done separately? I think it can be combined cuz like actually the fish meat it can be consumed. It just the fish skin is a waste. >> Yeah. >> So I think at the same time it can kind of in increase the economy of food industry and also for healthcare. That's my opinion. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Do we have one more question for Stephanie Virginia? >> Thanks Stephanie. Really interesting. I was wondering so you were talking about some of the issues with current medical dressing such as waste and cost and so on. And I was just wondering would a fish skin have particular issues with you know storage and transport and keeping it not rotting. I guess I'm just thinking of fish skin. You know before and what afterwards after I mean after using it I guess it's a natural product so maybe it decomposes but beforehand did you come into any research on that like how easy is it to use >> cuz like the studies is quite new it's only published a few years ago and since it's only cultivated in tropical countries I believe regional transfer is one of the issues for non-tropical countries. Yeah. So there are like researches need to be made to find a way to keep the fish stay fresh I guess and yeah >> thank you. >> Great point. All right. Thank you so much Stephanie. Now you can turn off your video. I ask you later. Thanks. I guess now I want to ask I can see that Nen and I hope that I pronounce your name correctly. So I see you just join. Do you want to share your video with us if you can turn? >> Oh >> yes for sure. For sure. >> Oh perfect. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. If you can please share your video, make sure that you takeick off the sound. Yep. Hi everyone, my name is Min and today I want to talk to you about how microbes in the soil affect the nutrition of food we consume and how we can apply healthy gardening practices like compulsing to increase soy quality for food productions. In the natural environment, cls are part of a