# VIDEO: Start Talking Live showcase 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

engaging video. I guess that is going to take us to the next topic which is and I would like to invite Claire if you're in the room please share your video. >> Yep absolutely working on it. >> Thank you Claire. Claire, can you please stop sharing? Remember that sound that I asked you to tick before you share the video because we don't have the sound. >> Sorry, let me try and fix that. >> Don't worry. , so yeah, there should be a button with the sound that you tick, then you share. >> Hi, my name is Claire Olden. I'm a student who lives and works on the unseated lands of the Orandry Warong people of the Cooland nation and I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the traditional owners and sincerely pay my respects to elders past, present, and emerging. Like many Australians, I've grown up in a major city and I'm not from an indigenous background. As a result, I didn't grow up with much of an awareness about our non-European history or of our non- urban environments. However, as I'm sure you'll remember, 3 years ago in the summer of 2019, even our cities were blanketed with smoke from catastrophic bush fires. Some argue that these fires were normal, that this continent has always had fire. But if we look at the data, these fires are unprecedented, and scientists are now working on how to mitigate this in the future. Obviously, a huge part of fire management is tackling climate change. But that's not actually what I'm going to be talking about today. While it's incorrect to call our black summer normal, there is a lot of truth to the saying that this continent has always had fire. In fact, if we look at the pre-European history, Aboriginal people have been burning this land for millennia in a practice called cultural burning. By understanding the history of this practice through a combination of western science and traditional knowledge, we can learn how to care for the land to increase its resilience to fire. Let me tell you a story about the history of this continent that isn't as well known. The first humans arrived here at least 65,000 years ago when Australia looked like this. This was during a glacial period or an ice age which made Australia cold and dry with a sparsely vegetated landscape. Over thousands of years, Aboriginal people maintained this grassland and eucalypt savannah through cultural burning. This prevented the encroachment of dense forests that would have otherwise occurred as the world transitioned into the more fertile interglacial period that we're currently in. But what actually is cultural burning? It's a traditional practice of starting controlled fires at the right time so that they're cool burn. This type of fire burns only the understory, lowering the fuel density of the forest while allowing time for animals to get out of the way. This lowers the risk of catastrophic bushfire while making it easier to hunt and travel across the land, benefiting both people and the environment. In fact, it's an example of how in Aboriginal culture there isn't really a divide between what is human and what is natural. A point we're going to come back to. It was this cultivated landscape that British colonizers observed when they arrived, describing it as a gentleman's park, as shown in this painting of cataract gorge. In the 250 years that have followed colonization, Aboriginal people have been displaced, disconnected from their culture, and murdered. As a result, traditional practices such as cultural burning have been neglected and dense forests have overgrown the large areas of the continent that were once maintained with fire, as shown by this photo of Katarak Gorge today. This along with climate change has led to a rapid increase in the intensity and the frequency of catastrophic bushfire. We know this history from a combination of western science and indigenous knowledge. Scientist Michael Sha Fletcher, a Rodri man from Melbourne University, studies the sub fossil record, organic debris such as charcoal trapped in sediment from wetlands to determine the frequency and intensity of fire. What he finds align with the traditional knowledge that tells us that this land has always been burnt. And it is this knowledge and culture that could provide us part of the solution to fire management on this continent. However, effectively utilizing this knowledge will require a rethink of both science and the western idea of the natural world. For most Westerners, we see ourselves as separate to the landscape, and we view the now uninhabited parts of Australia as wilderness. But both the sub fossil record and indigenous culture tells us that the natural history of this land is completely intertwined with the human history and that taking ourselves away is actually detrimental. What we now call wilderness was actively managed by humans for thousands of years. So if we only look at land management through the lens of western science and the human nature divide, we neglect thousands of years of knowledge that could help us care for our land today. On the flip side, broadening our definition of science to include this history could be beneficial socially and eologically and if we adopt a less colonial mindset increase the connection between people and nature. As stated by Michael Sha Fletcher, we are a part of country. Therefore, to manage country is to manage ourselves. Hi, my name is >> Thank you Claire. , now we are open to any question or concerns for Claire. >> I'll go first. >> Yeah, Rebecca. >> So, that's obviously really interesting, you know, concept. , especially as we look now with, you know, kind of modern technology that we have. And so I guess my question to you is there a way you know that in your research that you saw that we can blend cultural knowledge with, you know, modern science practices and take advantage of some like for example >> to kind of address these conditions for safer and responsible burning. >> Yeah, absolutely. So there are like there is actually quite a lot of research in this at the moment. And pe one of the big gaps in effectively implementing this knowledge is the fact that when you go to a government and you're like hey we should introduce more cultural burning. They're like okay where's the evidence? Which is why we really need that kind of modern scientific method to come in and be like yep here's all the like pyographic evidence for example of how it promotes biodiversity and increases the resistance to fire. So yeah there is a lot of research and in terms of blending like technology modern technology with like what we know there's quite comprehensive burning in the upper parts of Australia in particular they were like much less affected by like colonization in terms of loss of knowledge. So for example up in Kacadoo they do burns pretty much every year and they're managed with a combination of like modern technology. So they do it by via like helicopters and stuff, but they also work with the elders of that area. So it's this really cool mix of like very ancient knowledge and really like up-to-date modern technologies. >> Great. Thank you. >> No worries. >> Thank you Claire and thank you Rebecca for the question. I guess I would like to move on and go to the next video. I know that all the judges are busy with scoring. This is going to be the one before the last one. So I would like to invite in invite Gabriella. If you're in the room, please share your >> I'll just share my screen now. Thank you. If you just increase that so you just go with the fullest screen that would be good. Good. Hi all, my name is Gabriella Hall and today I'm going to be talking about the potential to use psilocybin which is the psychoactive component of magic mushroom as a treatment for major depression. Depression affects an estimated 5% of adults globally. Despite this, the way the brain works is still somewhat a mystery and the treatment of depressive disorders tends to be a bit of trial and error. Standard treatments such as therapy and anti-depressant medications work for many people, but for around one in three with major depression, they just don't cut it. This is called treatment resistant depression or TRD. And here's where alternative treatments come in. Psychedelic therapy is the use of drugs including LSD, psilocybin, and DMA, ioesca, which is from a South American plant, and more recently ketamine to treat a range of mental illnesses. The therapeutic use of psychedelics definitely isn't a new concept. It dates back centuries being involved in healing rituals and ceremonies in native cultures across the world. They made their way into western medicine in the