representation of women in leadership roles within the STEM industry is an issue that still remains unresolved. Women must play an influential role in the future of STEM. To increase women's leadership in STEM, STEM companies should achieve a 40% men, 40% women, and 20% open ratio in the interviewing and hiring process. Government should also give priority to organizations with gender balanced leadership. Representation of women as leaders is crucial where important decisions are made and where they serve as role models for future generations. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. That was a different topic and interesting. So yeah, do we have any question for Hashita? >> Sure. Hi Ashita. That was great. Very passionate about that topic. So great work. What did you find the kind of impacts of not having women in STEM in terms of the not just the people but also the businesses? Did you see anything in your research about what the wider impact is beyond the person? >> Yeah. So while I was re researching I saw that it's not actually just about equality but businesses who don't have woman representation actually is proven to have less innovation in them because you know we as women we think of different perspectives and we have different opinions. So it's essential for our opinions to be included in future research and decisions that are important for the future. So I feel like woman representation is very important for companies and it will definitely help them succeed. >> Great. Thank you. >> Thank you. Maybe one more question for Ashita before we move on to the next one. Virgin you turn on your audio. >> I did and then I saw Rebecca turn on a camera and I was like oh maybe you had a question. So did you have a question or thank you know that I think that was a really u interesting presentation and I liked the sort of breadth that you've looked at. In your research did you find any sort of one action that is something that we you know that companies should be taking. So you've mentioned a lot of different things which is you know 40% on hiring and so on and role models. Is there did you find something that was really tangible that is going to help increase the number of women in leadership positions? >> Yeah. So the government actually or the chief executive woman has just released a report that I think I mentioned this in my conclusion that in the interviewing and hiring process they should have a 40% women 40% men and 20% open in the hiring process and I think this is really essential because as I said like we have comparable degrees and we have equal qualities and so implementing that process during the interviewing and hiring process will actually help companies achieve a gender equality balance >> noted. Thank you. >> Thank you, Virginia. All right, that take us I wish if I have more time to keep this conversation to the longer conversation, but I need to follow up with my timing and thank you Hashita. I would like to invite Somaya from Sarc to share the video with us. >> Sure. >> Thank you. >> Did you know you could be consuming a credit card's worth of plastic every week? According to Hood, scientists have estimated that the average person could consume up to 5 g of plastic weekly. And this was in 2019, mind you. Who knows how much worse it's gotten now. We have no one but ourselves to blame. Hi, my name is Sama and this is the taste of plastic. The world produces around 300 million tons of plastic every year and the current recycling methods are a not efficient and b they consume large amounts of energy. Plus, recycled plastic uses 95% of its durability and can only be recycled a finite number of times. That's why most plastics end up in landfills and the ocean harming both the environment and wildlife. So to ensure sustainable consumption and production of plastic, scientists have proposed a new method of upcycling plastic by converting it into vanilla. Vanilla is the molecule of vanilla which gives it its distinct flavor and smell. Vanilla has a molecular formula of C8HO3 and presents as a whitish powder in its pure form. Currently, vanilla is mass-produced from materials such as prochemicals, the stuff from petroleum refining and wood pulp. Yeah, I know plastic doesn't seem too far-fetched anymore. But back to the topic. This production is through two main processes which are transformation from a similar molecule or using microorganisms. Why do we need to make vanilla when we can get it from vanilla beans? Well, because the natural source of vanilla supply unfortunately cannot meet its demand. So, we had to find an alternative. And why not kill two birds with one stone while we're at it. Initially, Sadler and Wallace had thought of using lab grade polyethylene theftalate, more commonly known as PET plastic. Yes, the same PET that you see on most of your bottles and containers. Above 50 million tons of it is produced every year. So you can see why it's a problem. Lap grade pet however is expensive. So they ended up settling for a waste plastic bottle that they had found in the streets of Edinburg. I think this is better because it proves that the experiment is viable in a realworld situation. To begin the experiment, these two scientists use an enzyme known as leaf branch compost cut to break down PET plastic into the acid and ethyline glycol. Freshly prepared E. Coli rare P van X, an engineered version of E. Coli which was modified to reach the end product in one step and a bot transformation buffer concentrate were added to the thealic acid and analyzed for 24 hours at room temperature. The aquis media for the experiment had a pH between 5. 5 to 7, which adds to the feasibility of the experiment as these conditions are easy to replicate and have a relatively large range. Thankfully, after 24 hours of the first attempt, vanilla was produced without having to adjust any of the inputs. It was like a Eureka moment, but the raw materials were still modified to increase the yield from a mere 5% to 79% producing a title of 785 micro molds. More research is still needed to conduct the experiment on a larger scale and further improve vanilla yields as much as possible. Despite all this, the future of plastic recycling is starting to look brighter. Plastic could now be a raw material rather than a waste product. And who doesn't like vanilla? Thank you for listening. I hope it was as interesting to you as it was to me. It was interesting. I guess if you can please Somaya be ready. Good with the video on and we are going to have one or two questions from the judges. Everyone is busy writing the scores. I know it's very tough. You want to watch and at the same time thinking and writing. Sorry for all of this work, Virginia. >> So 50 million tons of plastic PET1. Is that what she said? And how much vanilla does that make? >> 50 million tons of PET. So the plastic bottle that the scientists had used it had approximately a weight of around 500 g and they got a tighter of 785 micro moles from just 500 g. So 500 g is about let's say maybe a billion times smaller than the 50 million tons. So you can imagine how large scale that would be. And what and the waste products? >> Sorry, >> what waste products do you get out of the process? >> , currently the waste products they had not analyzed the waste products. They were mainly looking for the vanilla and there's not a lot of research that has been done to replicate this experiment. So currently the waste products haven't been looked into. >> Very interesting. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Thank you. We are open to one more question, quick one or we can skip to the next video. Okay. So I guess thank you so much Somaya. That was very interesting topic and very engaging video. I guess that is going to take us to the next topic which is and I would like to invite Claire if you're in the room please share your video. >> Yep absolutely working on it. >> Thank you Claire. Claire, can you please stop sharing? Remember that sound that I asked you to tick before you share the video because we don't have the sound. >> Sorry, let me try and fix that. >> Don't worry. , so yeah, there should be a button with the sound that you tick, then you share. >> Hi, my name