# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

the school also that are busy. So for them to have us part of their you know work is also but anyway we don't want to talk about that details right now but great fabulous opportunity. , so let's talk about the judging criteria, which that sounds a bit too official, but essentially what we'll be looking for when deciding what the panel will be looking for when deciding who gets the prize and what you should be looking for when you're thinking about how to assess everyone else prize to talk to. But also, it's not just about assessing. It's about thinking about what to put in yourself. So you obviously you've got to think about the content. You want to think about the how it's actually structured. I mentioned earlier about the logical progression although that's really important. Does it does it follow more logical in the sequence? You want to think about the impact. Are you actually talking about something that is likely to impact on your audience to resonate with them? Think about clarity. Again about avoiding jargon using clear language. If you do have to use any jargon or an acronym, explain what it is in a way that makes sense. Thinking about analogies as well. And that kind of last one, delivery, that's again a more intangible one. So how you present, what sort of energy you bring to it, your tone. I think I know you mentioned that you've got drama experience. So you would probably know this. My actor partner again talks to me about the speed of delivery is important that there's a particular kind of rhythm and speed. I don't I'm trying to do it. That's good to understand. >> Good to understand dramatic >> you know take your time. People when they're nervous tend to speed up a little bit and you start talking about too fast and it's hard for people to follow but also it shows they're nervous. So yeah, just taking your time making your point. But just and also that last point, creativity, feel free to get a little bit creative. We've been u very kind of flexible with the format. You know, if you wanted to if you wanted to put a little bit of a poem in there or a bit, you know, anything. It doesn't matter. It's about getting your message across in a way that is authentic to you. So, as long as it's a kind of a good delivery, effective delivery. So any questions on those? Thank you. >> I think now we need to stand. We might say that a lot this morning. Let's stand >> and we can just have a bit of you know walking around. I know that we used to ask a student to shake their hands in the beginning. So we didn't get a chance to introduce ourselves. So and I want everyone to write their name. If you didn't just can and I ask everyone to write their name and if you please the catering is coming at 12 after Sara's presentation but if you would like to have we have about 8 minutes to SA's talk so if you have arbit any of these other and I didn't bring water >> I love the color very bright in the I like it. Very fresh. >> Awesome. >> That was an interesting conversation and like hearing I found it really interesting for me. I don't think knowledge like knowledge is important >> but I don't feel like knowledge is the public like engagement the communication and the curiosity that I've got Not just to kiss the topic, communicate the topic that there's it showed that is not the case in how much misinformation information is spread. You do not need to know a topic. If you are confident, show curiosity. Make the audience have that curiosity. >> You can say anything. >> Yeah. I mean as long as you're saying >> I always have like a lot of people you're so smart that's so difficult and I'm like you said that for me I was writing it down cuz I was like I always forget how it was like theories and all these complex calculations. I see it as a way to learn how to a way to learn how to suck a stand up which when you see it that way like I wrote it I said STEM is creativity and it's built into every single career regardless of where you go STEM is built into your career and it's all about creativity and giving people that courage >> because by giving people understanding how you have their face allows you to be able to do anything. Well, if you just step, >> but yeah, exactly. Anything like I so as part of one of my roles I work with high schools where like low socioeconomic schools and we talk to them how they can continue but I believe I run the work on. So we run a bunch of different workshops on different and first question I always ask what is engineering to all of this motors buildings all >> yes that can be but to me engineering the problem engineering is that journey to solving And so in high school I also I also thought oh engineering yes they're the problem solving but it's all physical machine and all that. Well, now I am a lot more confident and I'm a lot more passionate about working for people because I see engineering as any problem that people problems anything you learn that problem solving which can be put anywhere you do as well and he said So >> because we had a whole >> physical I actually you when I was in school if I heard somebody talking about engineering >> it's really important which is going to school I find in high school I very much was a situ But somehow getting involved in programs that they can bring to being that people change I think. So yeah, cuz I've always wanted to help people like trying to figure out how to do that. Always knew but now I always thought going into those foundations and they will be like study. They're waiting for me to introduce the book and they're coming and then they're coming and you're looking and I also work with this person so important to careers give me their title what you just said. I think we're also very small. I read it last week with a group of like three. Yeah, I present something but found it so much getting there immediately because some like slides you stay on for like a couple seconds. But when they had the questions, they were able to students joining us. Alexa. >> All right. Let's just start. >> All right. So should I move this slide >> and should I just if we can now we are going to invite and these are all recorded so I didn't pause the recording so Yeah, maybe in few seconds we are going to start. >> Okay, sorry. I'm >> Yeah, just we didn't let them take a break and started talking. If you want to, it's going to capture your voice. If you don't want to stay just there, you can see. Yeah, it's with a green light. It means that it's working. So, yeah, we just give few seconds for students to live. How was your eternal next? >> >> Then I left. No believe. >> >> I think specifically about that's Oh my goodness. Zero table something has likes Yeah, we just got starting to set up. One minute. We can start. >> Great. All right. Thank you. Thank you for having me and I've really enjoyed the conversation we've had so far. So I feel quite empowered already talking to you guys about the work that you're doing at Swinburn. So I'll introduce myself. , my name is , Sera and I'll dare to invite you to say my last name. Sorry, I have it back as a teacher. >> Oh, you named it. Anyone else was thinking of something else? Were you imagining something else? Very well. Very. Yes. Kill Raman. >> It's a lot less syllables than it looks. >> Did I say it right? That's what my year students used to say. That's what my year nine students year 9 boys used to say. She's here to kill us because she's a science teacher. >> Yes. So, I've been a teacher by trade since 2008. And it was one of those saddest moments when I left teaching back in 2015 because I had the luxury of doing my PhD in teacher education and my PhD was about how parents and students make subject choices, career choices instead. And then I got a job at me and I said goodbye to my teaching but