of us have to come up with five different solutions. So we start looking combat nitrate water. So yeah, >> great. And how did you feel it went? >> How do you feel? I feel like I feel nervous but afterwards what I did is presented well. I think I wear a suit at the presentation and I think some of my friends did that. Sometimes they wear a suit, sometimes they did not. And yeah, so yeah, we were presenting well. We did like at least like up to three minutes. >> Mhm. >> And we got it. We got >> Well done. Great. And how did you feel afterwards? >> Felt great. I think I celebrate. >> Oh, nice. Well, so you should I mean that's another thing you know what's it's a big thing to put yourself in front of people and to say here you know everyone's a bit scared of making a mistake or I mean doing something wrong and so to do that to do it well even if you do make a mistake it's fantastic and you should take a little moment afterwards to just go I did it wrong there is also some research around about How if you've got a positive audience who's reacting well and receiving the information, engaging, that makes it easier. It actually reduces your heart rate like they monitored people while giving public talks. So later on when you give your talks, I want you all to be extremely supportive of each other because that will actually reduce everyone's stress levels and probably make everyone more effective. That's almost like when you go to a comedy show or you know any art music show if the artist or the singer is or the drama cruel is >> if the audience is not engaging then they feel the pressure >> and most shows that I go to with my husband and the comedian literally will then tell you off a clap and that's a part of the Yeah. The way that they communicate sarcasm to the audience is come on, you need to cheer me up. So it's Yeah. And that's just the wrong vibe completely, isn't it? It's just a humor killer. And that's a good point to pick up on. So humor, you know, the use of humor can be really effective. Alan used it right at the start. I think it talk the example now but you know I've never there might be some circumstances where it's inappropriate but in most cases it actually really helps people like a bit the dreamer I feel pressured to say something funny now and I can't think of anything. So and also your point is really good as well about clothes. So again thinking about 100% present what's the look that you want to have but really important as well to be comfortable you know about if you sit if you get that's not that's not going to help either. So we're we're not going in a lot of detail today about online presentations versus in real life presentations but I do want to just touch on a couple of things about online. So also important to think about the screen as being that's your stage that's your frame and you can enter the stage as well. So think about what is the first thing that people will see. One of the big mistakes that I made at the start when I started doing a lot of online presenting was I was moving around too much and that's really offputting to try and be a bit kind of calm a bit more static when you're on screen. , have your This is important always to have your kind of first few sentences ready so that you're not stumbling over them, but it's even more important when you're presenting online. Think about your background as well. What will people see? You know, move that ironing board and the dirty cup out of the way so that people don't see that. Try and have some decent lighting. , and practice what you look like as well. You can do a short kind of clip of yourself, you know, short 30 second, 2 minute recording on Zoom or whatever it is to see yourself. Play it back, force yourself to it can be really enlightening and it probably will change the way that you sit and hold yourself on screen. >> Just want to add something on the science of that. What is happening once we go with a public speaking you had earlier in one of your slide what was the name of that >> communication at prevention. >> Yeah. So if you go with the with the physiology of our body whatever is happen in the brain and what is you know all the it's kind of a neuroscience we don't want to go to that details but what I learned that once you go for the public speaking that's kind of the natural stress that you have and if you come with a deep breath three times So it's just helping you and your position and the structure of your body, the way that you're going to stand, that's going to help you a lot. And that's why I was to some of my you know students coming to the you know they're nervous once they want to kind of going to interview or going to you know a limited time for the presentation. So don't forget to come with a deep breath because that is going to happen. It's kind of helping you with a science background of what is happening automatically in your body. So that's I've learned from my practice that if I am going to have an interview and it's a short amount of time, you want to present yourself in half an hour, you just do your best. The outcome comes next. But yeah, deep breath is something that we are going to practice today. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Perhaps also thinking like what Peter was talking about and Alan did speak you know the declining trend of STEM sorry that's a deficit language the way we could empower our young children so high school students you know youth for example in snippets of a 2 minute 3 minute 4m minute role play for example so I'm a big fan of yeah technology and technology has multimodal ways of speaking drawing for example you know even speaking can be you pause you ask questions so it's a two-way interaction so think of students would be primary students and I'll be talking about an example later sorry not taking too much of your time >> but that personal life so you mentioned what are the values that is connected back to climate so again understanding what does climate mean for young children for an 8-year-old versus a yet 10 student and how they might be empowered through the work that you're doing here at university. I mean I'm yet to know but you said aviation or aviation is a great topic to talk to high school students. Not that we're doing a marketing strategy of getting them to come and enroll you know through our undergraduate degree but that might be your belief and your strategy of how do you make it more invitational that aviation is something doable. It's not a scary space which is what Alan showed us is the declining trend is because of the apprehensiveness of or stems too hard for me >> that Harry made me for two weeks different you know juggling and role play and making it fun is also something >> yeah personal I know sorry I you were working earlier so I didn't include But >> no, that's okay. On this debate. , so I do media coms and it's really interesting to hear that it for most of my units we have not most my units but once a semester like my units I've had to do a presentation so like and so that's like a lot of public speaking and I've gone through all the school I did theater and I did like all that so I'm used to speaking in front of an audience what I do to think about to leave nervous I do get nervous because I just think I know what I'm talking about. Cuz when you tell yourself that you're you're an expert in your area, not to seem like you have a superiority complex, but just to know that you're you know what you're talking about, it puts your mind at ease a little bit. It's like tricking yourself. >> You have to know. >> Yeah. >> And just have some random topic. I mean, give me a topic and I'll talk about it. But like, if it's if it's something that's actually relevant and could