right? That's what my year students used to say. That's what my year nine students year 9 boys used to say. She's here to kill us because she's a science teacher. >> Yes. So, I've been a teacher by trade since 2008. And it was one of those saddest moments when I left teaching back in 2015 because I had the luxury of doing my PhD in teacher education and my PhD was about how parents and students make subject choices, career choices instead. And then I got a job at me and I said goodbye to my teaching but then I anchored my research and my teaching into teacher education. So my family tells me you've never left school. And what I do here at Swinburn, I am a senior lecturer in STEM education and I work with undergraduate students. I teach science STEM units in the early childhood course and the early childhood primary and the primary beard courses. Hence, I really see a good potential for my own students to come and be in this room or be at some future room or a space with you guys to have that conversation because since I left teaching and now when I go into schools there's still that persona of science is too hard to teach and hence you saw professor Allen talking about those declining enrollments in STEM subjects at universities when I left teaching in a physics classroom my colleague next door had six students only it broke my heart back then and I said okay I'll try and do something and solve this problem with my PhD and hence I've done a lot of work and research in community settings working with culturally linguistically background parents carers back in you know out of northwest northeast Melbourne and I park my work more and more and I'm hoping that at some point when we go into schools and work with teachers, we're working with students who really are passionate but they do not know how to get there and we help them do that by having that science communication. So what I'm here to talk to you is how to build authentic learning context and this is one of the modules that I teach in my own unit as well because my students go into placements. You started to talk about the practice, the internship which is so important and we at Swinburn we really try hard to give you as much as many opportunities and platforms to practice. Hence Peter and myself are scrambling okay where else can we get you to go and practice be over and beyond. So you're talking about the work integrated learning which is you know Swinburn's mantra about how do we get these job ready graduates and increase your employability skills in many ways as startups as entrepreneurs as different you know jobs and so on that you do whilst you're studying. So, have you heard of citizen science? Okay, thank you. Okay, so thumbs up, down, cross. If this was my class, I would have given you Yes. Thumbs up, down maybe. Or I would have given you green and red cups. So again, lots of play-based tools which then you ease your audience. What the hell is she talking about? Citizen science or leave alone. I don't know what science is and now she wants me to be a citizen science. So yeah, this is something that I tell my students. We work it around and we debunk, we unpack what is citizen science and the reason to bring in citizen science into the younger generation, how to build their scientific literacy. So citizen science is all about partnerships. Partnerships can happen anywhere. Catchups, coffee clubs, Friday, Friday evening, PD at a pub. How many of you go to the pub on Fridays? Yeah, sorry. I'm too old. Lost the battle comedy shows. Yeah. So it's about having the partnerships and partnerships can happen where people live, learn, breathe, communicate, solve problems, talk about problems. I didn't do that. So it's about partnerships between communities, between you guys, all of you. Coffee catchups, pub catchups, drink catchups. Now industry partners, it's the trend right after co how many let's have a coffee. Oh, I've been I missed coffee three 3 years whatever 2 years whichever state you were in or Yeah. Or country you were in. So now these days we have coffee catchups with our industry partners, coffee catchups with teachers. If I have to go and talk to them about hey what curriculum are you working on and how we can collaborate to make your work more easy so your students are empowered to learn or become scientifically literate. So it's all about partnerships in authentic and real working living breathing environments. And that's how you build passion for scientific literacy. We all have passion here. Something is there in us about science, technology, engineering, arts, maths, drama, sorry you'll talk to vice chancellors so I'm sure there's something you know sustainability, climate change, we all have expertise, no one was born empty, you know, as a vacuum space and all children, all students also have prior experiences. So how do you build those take on board those experiences and then talk to young people and build that relationship with them so then they feel oh aha I can do this I feel like I am a citizen scientist now because I can partner with someone over a coffee catch up and I can talk about problems and I can talk about how I can solve problems with expert people like you all and projects And then the coffee catchups then become projects. I was at a conference just in end of August. Beautiful London, nice and sunny. I go to Brighton rain. I'm like am I back to Melbourne? And people are like oh this is UK, this is England. I'm like okay welcome to Melbourne. This is Melbourne too. But anyway over there it was in terms of five minute conversation became projects we're now planning and talking about papers and publications and projects and data collection. So one of the project that I'll be working with during Christmas holidays is asking young students define and draw a scientist. Not everybody can define a scientist. Fair enough. Draw a scientist and that's it. I collect the paper. I do some data with a with a with a protocol with an analytical framework. However, when the child or the student was drawing that scientist, they brought in some expertise, right? No one just takes a piece of paper. They always maybe their culture was there in on that piece of paper about what they feel a scientist might look like or be like or do you know their worker the work of a scientist for example. So it's very important to know your audience and that's how you will then collaborate build partnerships and then take them to a journey to build scientific awareness within the community. It's always important to co-design. When I get a piece of paper to that child, draw a scientist. I'm not saying draw it this way. Step number one, do this. Step number two, that is killing imagination. That is killing the form of expression that they might bring in. But then we as the knowledgeable person because we all are scientists in some form or the other can scaffold them and build their scientific literacy. So then you become citizen scientists. So see that your role is you've got a dual role. You're empowering others to become citizen scientists. At the same time you are also acting as citizen scientists. So let's go through an example of what I recently did in research project. With a school in Katherine South in the Northern Territory. I'm a big believer of social justice and equity perspectives. So any research that I do volunteer voluntarily I always go in and work with low ACS communities and I had the real you know privilege and the opportunity to work with this indigenous primary school and my research is looking at multimodal technologies robotics that's it I've got a robot in hand but when I showed the teachers this is a robot But how are you going to pack this into your curriculum? Are you going to excite your students to learn about science to learn about mathematics to become engineers? So we co-designed this activity and we gave this problem brief to the primary students coming from different backgrounds. So it was an indigenous school. So storytelling was very important. So again that came from the teachers. So you as when you're acting as citizen scientists or when you're building your communication talks, storytelling again I think it was the fourth principle that Alan was talking about or third principle. How do you tell your story? How you tell your story