# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

occupational hygiene institute a AIO I offered a suggestion. They have a challenge this crystal and silica. This is the one of one of the things that can lead to lung cancers and the like and you really have to be monitoring. You have to try to try to ensure that there's not a hazardous level. But it's astonishingly tiny amounts, right? So 0. 05 milligs per cubic meter of air measured over eight hours, right? That's just an such an astonishingly small trace amount, but it's quite challenging to explain that to a board. Right? So now thinking about you're going in and you as this you're trying to improve the medical or the health of the workforce, you're trying to convince a board that this is a very difficult measurement to make and you need to invest in more equipment to do it. You can say that to them, but I don't think that's going to register particularly meaningfully to them. Much better is instead to look at the volume of the surroundings. So in this auditorium or a large boardroom, that's your volume. You times that by this mass and it works out to be roughly speaking a grain of salt somewhere in this room. That's or in this boardroom set that's a very small thing to try to find in a very large room. So they're giving a sense of something a bit more impactful to an audience and by using almost indeed challenging the board in that instance to try to search for that kind of you know that grain of salt in that large boardroom. You're giving them a very visceral physical feeling or sense of the challenge and why you need that new fancy equipment to do the measurement. Continuing on the golden rules is be positive. So we know from various case studies that these processes of alarm raising alarm clearing calls cause actions all of that doesn't actually work. Right? It's sad to say this is part of the reason why climate change is so dramatically has so dramatically worsened in time because it's taken us decades to recognize that these warnings were not doing anything. It essentially creates a pacivity in the audience and it doesn't inspire them to go and to be to take action to avoid the bad but rather be positive. Right? So try to reframe the opportunity to decarbonize, right? The jobs that will be created in these new industries or the ability to be more productive and create new kinds of green steel high value products. You know, these are all the ways you can say getting the carbon out of the heavy industry sector. So be positive about the messaging and we know particularly where you connect to people's inherent sense of pride about themselves, their community, their country, they will be more likely to act on that messaging. And always be future optimistic. So in other words, you are leading them to a better tomorrow through the actions today. Don't say if you don't do this today, tomorrow is going to be bad. I mean, it's the same thing, but it's a very different outcome in terms of the response of the audience. Wrapping up these golden rules is that of storytelling, and I know you're going to hear a lot more about that soon. So, let me just share my story and how important it is in terms of communication. When I was speaking at schools across in Western Australia in Narajin a young girl maybe it was a year six class asked me if the sun is so hot why is space so cold which is a really good question. I got very excited in the moment. I was like oh my god what a great question. She basically had reformulated Ober's paradox which was a 17th century Austrian philosopher. I think I got the date right on Ober. Apologies to Ober if I misplaced your time in history. What's really quite brilliant about this question and as I mentioned over had it had formulated first. If the universe was infinitely old as thought at the time and extended forever that everywhere you looked in the sky sooner or later your eye will land on a star the surface of a star. If everywhere you look and you see a star and even as you go more distant you still see other they begin to fill in essentially every bit of the sky will be blinding bright as bright as the sun. Clearly that's not the case because we have nighttime. If it's as bright as that it would be as hot as the surface of the sun in other words as well. So you would actually have the answer to that young girl's question is the same as Alber's resolution of Albert's paradox which is you don't continue to look out and see ever more stars. Eventually you run out of stars. Eventually you're looking back so far in time to a time when there were not stars formed. In other words, the universe is not eternal or at least not as it exists or looks like today. The universe had a beginning. Quite revolutionary in all time. The fact that a grade six student was able to answer to understand that through her questioning was quite brilliant too because to put it back in the temperature, if you have a radiator on in a room and you close the door and you let it sit on for long enough, the air will continue to warm up until essentially gets to the same temperature as the radiator. The reason space is so cold while the sun is so hot is because essentially there hasn't been enough time of heating. In other words, we don't we have only had a few billions of years of stars shining to heat up space. Just as realized there was a period in the time of our universe where there were no stars, we ran out of stars to look at. Just so to we ran out of stars to heat up the universe. Now, I don't know how much of that story you're going to remember, but I suspect you're going to remember more about the fact that there's a time before our current era of star formation, that there was a time indeed and perhaps the beginning of the universe. , you're going to remember a lot more about that than almost anything else I've shared. Perhaps a lot of the quotes and numbers, you're not going to remember any of these numbers, but I guarantee you're going to remember something about a young girl asking about why the space is so cold even though the sun is so hot. And that essentially has something to do with the beginning of the universe. So use stories, they connect you to your audience. That's how we learn is through storytelling. The indigenous people have been practicing this for tens of thousands of years. Politicians, the best politicians, you'll see them use storytelling. They will always talk about a person's experience rather than a policy impact. That's just how we as people connect. All right. Finally, the rule of three just for whatever reason just in that's just how people enjoy hearing things is examples of three a concise, compelling, coherent narrative, right? I don't know three C's. There's an alliteration thrown into that. Examples of three or use of three commas just is the way that you explain always use it. I'm going to wrap up because we are running out of time but as you go out and begin to communicate always keep in mind who your audience is. Who are you trying to reach? Is it the scientists? Are you explaining it to the journalists? Are you reaching out to general public or are you approaching companies, organizations? And then be very clear about who you're speaking to. Is it management or is it the board? They have very different roles and responsibilities and hence will hear different things or rather want to hear different things in your explanation and so too also with politicians and policy makers. So this is about knowing who you're addressing in terms of how you frame it, the level you pitch it at but also what you're highlighting. Scientists are going to have a very different interest and structure of delivery of that explanation than say the general public who you always have to lead with the what's happened rather than scientists where you can do a structured introduction methods, show them the results and then in the discussion get to why it mattered. You flip that when it's the public. I'm going to encourage everyone as young professionals you have a particular value for the general public and politicians as well in that you are photogenic. People like young people. Politicians like to be beside