# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

leave nervous I do get nervous because I just think I know what I'm talking about. Cuz when you tell yourself that you're you're an expert in your area, not to seem like you have a superiority complex, but just to know that you're you know what you're talking about, it puts your mind at ease a little bit. It's like tricking yourself. >> You have to know. >> Yeah. >> And just have some random topic. I mean, give me a topic and I'll talk about it. But like, if it's if it's something that's actually relevant and could identify with them that you know about, if you know, if you're just trying to read off a piece of paper that someone else has prepared for you and they say, "Speak about this. " Well, you know, you can read it and you can talk about it, but it's it's nowhere near the same in terms of levels of engagement as something that you've got personal experience and knowledge with where you can go, actually, I could really dive into this and go really deep with it and make it a million times more engaging and talk for hours. I think that's something that I see a lot of people get tripped up on, especially maybe it was just private school boy been brought up with public speaking and theater for his whole like life, but the contrast between people who have practiced it and people who, you know, have researched and know what they're talking about compared to those that don't is astounding rate. So this I'm so glad you brought that up because this actually goes to the core like this has been one of the core questions for me over the last eight years because I had to start communicating about something that I didn't know a lot about. Basically I knew a lot about international education. I knew a lot about how universities worked. I could see there was scope to bring the two together. I could see there was scope for the waves universities ran to be operated in a more environmentally sustainable way. I could see there were things they could do but I wasn't a climate scientist. And that's one of the problems I think that holds back a lot of climate action is that most climate scientists know the science but they don't know how to implement it in a particular setting particular environment. So you need people who can actually cross over. So you know I've I and then it's very hard to be confident when you are talking publicly about something that you actually don't have that strong grounding in. So I've had to learn an awful lot but I also have had to learn when to step back and I always acknowledge that I'm not an expert and not a scientist. What I am an expert in is international educational education and I bring in those experts where I can. But I think for a wicked problem like climate action, we do need people who are prepared to kind of cross over and kind of straddle both two different worlds. How am I going for tomorrow? >> You have the number. >> , but yes, it is obviously much easier to talk about something that you're very confident in yourself. , so yeah, I think thinking about those barriers to change that other people might have as well is always important to So you mentioned you do advocacy work. Have you is that something that you've come up against where you're having to actually think about that? >> Yeah, definitely. I think just overall a lot of I do a lot of stuff in high schools and doing things all over the place and I find that connecting back to what they are learning, what they're interested in is really the only way to connect to people. , one example is I was at a high school and my role was just to be a mentor in that classroom and talking with the students about how and hope try and get them to engage in STEM and look into tertiary education. And this one student, she just did not want to engage. She was just playing games the entire time. And I was just sitting next to her and instead of engaging her in the class, I engaged in the game she was playing. And I was like, "Why? Why did you choose this game? What interests you about this game? " "Oh, you enjoy horses. " "Oh, what about horses? " And she started talking about how she wishes she had horses at home. And she could she would love to go into like working with animals, being a vet or working in a zoo and those kinds of things. And by understanding that about her and engaging her, I was able to kind of move her into the classwork by engaging her in how does the classwork relate to horses and animals in the zoo instead of just going, "Oh, that's interesting, but this is more important or this is important to your future. " connecting it exactly to what she was doing at the time made her really interested in actually doing that classwork and actually wanting to improve herself, make that change. >> It's a beautiful example. It's really smart. You've got to meet people where they are, especially if you're talking about a topic that might involve you. Either I try to sometimes I actually do call on people to change sometimes it's kind of more embedded as a as a prompt but I think so another example of over the last few years I've run this climate action virtual internship where we've taken groups interdisciplinary groups of students placed them in businesses around Asia and we've developed a climate action plan for the business that they have to then present at the end and it's what I've loved is watching. So wherever possible we would try and pair. So for example a STEM student with a media and commerce student or a business student and law student and psychologist whatever and that kind of both have something. So in almost every case both people were able to bring something really distinctive and important to the conversation that helped improve both sets. That helped improve the overall presentation because you know as Alan alluded to earlier you know there's a scientific way of presenting and sometimes that might be something a way that people are used to the medium coms people might you know they've got that kind of journalistic approach where that marketing approach really important when you're actually trying to persuade people like something which often when it comes to climate change, you know. , the educators, well, they definitely added something. The business people were like, "Yeah, but you put in there like what the business advantages of the day at the end. " So I think some kind of multidisiplinary opportunity which obviously this is but it's mainly the students here today but I think it's really important as well because this is a multid-disiplinary problem unless you're talking to somebody about the specific scientific angle of you know some research that can be applied mostly when you're talking about climate change to people it's it's going to be a multi-disiplinary approach that's needed >> and I think this is the message to our students that they should not feel that because they are in the isolated schools going through their degree by practicing and learning on their core units >> unless we make the opportunity for them to come and share their knowledge. So for example, our STEM students, they're good with their science knowledge and problem solving, critical thinking, but if it comes to the project where they need to maybe communicate or the project so they need an expert. So I guess every one of us coming with their strengths and weaknesses. So but I think to collectively collaboratively we can bring our you know strength and then we can learn from each other. That's why I think ouration should be you know focused on more interdisiplinary practice for our students to feel confidence once they graduate because once you graduate you are going to find your job in the real workplace that interdisiplinary practice and knowledge is more essential that your own you know I think scientific knowledge. I mean they equally are important but we the learning journey through our degree we just focus on one and we miss the other one. So that's why I think some program like this and some event like this provide me the opportunity for students from different disciplines to work together and maybe bring that like practice and then yeah once we practice then we have more confidence to go and act as a science communicators that