# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

synthetic antibacterial so we are extracting natural components from mimicking the environment ments to come with a type of material that is helping and acting as an antibacterial. So green solution team and amplified team fight. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So yeah, I invite you to think of what topics and ideas. Of course, you've got something in hand today, but you might want to park some of these ideas that you're inspired around and of course anchor in what your expertise is as well that how you want to motivate other younger generation or the community that you might go and park your talk into. I've given you some examples citizenscience. Org. Au you really live examples that the Australian government is right now working on asking for either voluntary participation calling out to younger students high school high schools as well. So five steps here in terms of how you would build students scientific literacy through your own communication science communication projects. How do you create the learning conditions? So the way I created the learning conditions was I worked with the teachers and not that I asked them come let's talk the day I'm available it was about the day and time when they were available and not taking in their lunchtime and their recess time and all of that. So it was about yeah those conditions even conditions in terms of how a classroom might work. Like I said, these students were of diverse needs. So, did I just give them the robot in hand or did I give them pen, paper, pencil, camera, different ways of communicating their ideas? So, how we create those learning conditions so they feel safe, welcome to voice their ideas and start painting and drawing and storytelling and develop through that. When you create the learning conditions, the people that you work with, they start to have these growth mindset, habits of mind and they start to interrogate and make sense of information. So they started researching, you know, what's happening, why is this a hot climate happening and why is there why does my robot need to have sensors? What's the job it's going to do? It was an interdisciplinary type of research that they were doing and the conversations and the types of problems and solutions that they were talking about. Careful planning is also important. Too much too much information giving them you know information overloaded which I think we are probably at the moment. So I'm going to stop very soon. So careful yeah carefully curating the information that you want to put together in your four-minute talk for example and I think Allison gave you a nice framework of how those ideas might work and generating student empathy is also important. So during the five minute dinner time conversation, we was talking about Friday Puffman conversation. I'm sure we're all going after 3 p. M. I'm talking about where teachers go or in the staff room where they talk about how was their week or what they're planning for next week and so on. But yes, creating that empathy and getting to know your audience is very important through empathizing with the problem they have. So empathizing with the problem that you're working on to solve that you know problem using nanotechnology for example and then also noticing at some point we all need to be a good listener also and I always tell my students you don't have to feel pressured just sit back and listen breathe listen and amazing ideas that come out from the people that you work or the audience that you will be communicating. So giving them the chance to speak and you listen and then that automatically creates a safe space that oh yeah I was I was given an opportunity to talk and voice my ideas. So yeah that was pretty much the end of what I wanted to communicate in my whatever 15 minute talk. So I just invite you to talk and chat amongst yourselves about how you will then incorporate these ideas and empower young minds around a climate change topic or any topic that you're passionate about and improve promote scientific literacy amongst your audience and then you become citizen scientists. And I think that's the end. That's a bit of a marketing strategy here. We all love LinkedIn increase in our LinkedIn. Yes. So Allison, we need to follow each other. I will follow you. >> that's why I always do. Networking is something we all for me LinkedIn is a professional learning space for me. So when I follow Alan, when I follow, when I follow Allison, I learn so much. I grow as a person which I've learned so much about public speaking. So I'm happy for any critical advice and feedback from the previous presenter and the work that I was talking about. A lot of these citizen science projects authentic projects are on my website inclusive robotics. Com and that is an example of our previous chief scientist. We've got Alan Fool and now it's Kathy Foley and of course we've got our own chief scientist as well, Professor Virginia. So all these projects they're available there on government websites if they're of any use for you for your own research for your own assignments projects and so on. Yeah, that's the end of me. Thank you so much SA sharing the great stories and how we can have an impact as a student as a science communicators communicating with a broader audience. So I guess what I'm going to do now so the food is here that's a good news. So we are going to have some because for us to act properly we need a good diet, we need a good rest and we need a good activities. So that's the way that I look at scientifically I look at the every activities that we are doing. So we are going to have one hour for us having this networking and deciding on the topic. I know that we propose a topic but you and your team member you might want to practice a topic which you would like to practice in front of the high school students grade 10. So whether you choose the topic that we suggest or whether you start thinking about the topic that you would aim to present in front of the high school students. I mean they both can targeted with the targeted audience. It's high school students. So we have 1 hour for catering, brainstorming, networking. Then from 200 p. M. No from 100 p. M. We are going to start action. So we are practicing. We are coming to you and your team to provide some you know feedback. And then hopefully by the from I think 200 p. M. We start inviting you to present and from 2:30 p. M. All the awarding and all the process for us to share the prize to you is going to happen and we have Dr. Reef coming from the school of science to share the prize. So one last thing that I want to say before we go with the food and lunch break there is a series of activity that we run and Joseph you talk about the opportunity for example we have if you submit 4minut video of your STEM or any idea if you're coming from business you're coming from you know arts even you're coming with the challenges in your future career I don't know whatever is your concern in a format of four minute storytelling video that's another way of communication by 28th of October if the that is going to be meet if that meets the criteria which is similar to the criteria that we shared today that's going to be in the live showcase it's the online version of science communication and the judges including Virginia, professor Virginia and team member from community and the work integrated learning manager will be there to judge again 4 minute video for 400 bucks and I think everyone needs that money for the Christmas time. So here we go. We have another opportunity for another way of online communication.