# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

your job in the real workplace that interdisiplinary practice and knowledge is more essential that your own you know I think scientific knowledge. I mean they equally are important but we the learning journey through our degree we just focus on one and we miss the other one. So that's why I think some program like this and some event like this provide me the opportunity for students from different disciplines to work together and maybe bring that like practice and then yeah once we practice then we have more confidence to go and act as a science communicators that Allen invited us to you know consider in our life. It's great. And you know that's so true. They unless you go into a lab very probably you're going to be working with people from all sorts of different disciplines and you'll certainly be communicating to people from different disciplinary backgrounds. So to your talk. So the idea is not the idea the task is that each of you will deliver a 4m minute talk. If we'd had a larger crowd we might have paired you up. If you really want to go in pairs you can but and I invite you also to be part of the team. You can talk I can see we have three groups. Yeah. My brain to work. Okay, I'm going to sit with you. Okay, it's not about evaluating this is about the opportunity and practice. That's what Joseph you mentioned like we needed more opportunity to practice and you mentioned that you didn't practice this but you're here for >> today doing this. I'm very nervous. I'll be honest with you. >> I've never filmed an event before. >> Thank you for sharing that. That's very good. So I can see that potentially like we might have more students joining us during the one hour catering and networking. But potentially we have one, two and three groups and the good you know the good the good things about it we are going to provide you a certificate talk about and we are going to give you a prize for that and if we have this number of the students I need I'm happy to support you all okay unless we have 30 student I cannot I don't but yeah So don't worry about that. We just be yourself. Think about what do you want and what you expect from you investing your time today. I want you to practice something and earn something once you leave at 3 p. M. Okay. >> Yeah. And it's a safe space like this is look everyone's friendly. It's absolutely safe to try something out. Everyone will be very supportive. So yeah, absolutely. So the talk we actually had we've had a couple of different topics for it, but it's around why science communication skills are more vital than ever. You can adapt that slightly if you'd like, but that's essentially it. You know, why it's important that you put your STEM skills to work to communicate the importance of science to the public. So four minutes long. We have said that there's a little bit of wiggle room. So if you're, you know, if you're just under, that's fine. If you're just over, 30 seconds either way will that's fine. But you know, trying to keep the time is really important. So ideally for four minutes. I think we'll give a warning. Is it at like at the 3 minute mark? >> We can we can we can brainstorm. You can just if you go over 4 minutes 30 seconds, we'll start laughing. >> so that's it. And yeah, private. So we were thinking there will be a people's prize and a panel's prize. So the people's prize you get to vote for as well. Is that still Yeah. Sorry. And if there's an opportunity, you go and get to speak to young students. So it's at some point you might think of us as a you know Santa session, early Christmas session in terms of engaging in fun ways younger students and younger audiences. So you then have that opportunity to be role models for other students, younger primary high school students. And I want to see this is going to be again you investing your time and make we are we want to make sure that this is going to have some impact on your learning also impact on your inspiring the community. So that's why we are going to invite you and it's kind of a me discussing with the group of outreach activity outreach who are design taking managing this visit to a high school. So after this event I need to get confirmation how many students are willing and it's about just one hour session we go to visit we go together we are going to have a study tour here you didn't join us in Malaysia so we are going to have a study tour here in Melbourne we are visiting a school we can come together have fun have a coffee then start working and then maybe we get a public transport we go together. So they we just want to come up with let's say three groups that's the ideal numbers and it takes one hour of our time visiting the school and we just come up with let's say 5 10 minutes presentation it could be any topic that you're interested I am fan of the sustainable you know impacts but you are bringing your computing science your aviation what's your major >> I did engineering computer science >> computer science so you bringing media communication biotechnology so you bring you give us a topic that you would like to share with the high school students and that's going to be of course in your LinkedIn about your reflection from today to that visit how did you do you know what are the what did you learn and how that actually impact on you and you know it's aligned with your values. So that's one LinkedIn post. Everyone has a LinkedIn you have LinkedIn. >> Yeah. >> Good. So all have LinkedIn. So that's going to be one post and anything you can inspire my students. So my students are will be science teachers and they'll be the ones who will teach the students that you >> are you hoping to have some of your students on board? >> Yes. Yeah. Three groups of your you know in terms of empowering even your colleagues and other fellow colleagues and other students from other departments. So bring them on board because the students that I work with again there's a lot of apprehensiveness about not public speaking per se but also how am I going to be the sage on the stage and teach primary school students about the difference between moon star solar system because I've got it in my curriculum. I've got it in my curriculum about aerodynamics. I've got it in my curriculum about you know bacteria, viruses, micro technology and I've got digital computational thinking side of you know digital literacy to teach. Of how you believe and empower other students within Swinburn would be. >> So the conversation at the end of today is going to be behind this event we only have one hour session in the school. If you can confirm with me so you can confirm that I give you some time to think about your topic then we go together visit the school and that is going to be also I don't know if I get a chance to add that as part of documentary but when is it >> we are going to decide so >> on what day I haven't decided >> no not yet because they have asked me and I said I need to meet the you know the students first then we make a decision But it should be sometimes I think they're targeting grade 10 and it should be sometime end of October or November when you have time. I don't have time. >> Okay, good. >> That's okay. We can make it align with Christmas. Yeah, >> that will makes you know 10 students excited. Yeah, because at the moment they're choosing the subjects >> you know the students back in the school also that are busy. So for them to have us part of their you know work is also but anyway we don't want to talk about that details right now but great fabulous opportunity. , so let's talk about the judging criteria, which that sounds a bit too official, but essentially what we'll be looking for when deciding what the panel will be looking for when deciding who gets the prize and what you should be looking for when you're thinking about how to assess everyone else prize to talk to. But also, it's not just about assessing.