psychonom, right? But that's really what I mean when I say psychonom. And I think all of these challenges need to be addressed and they are addressed through evidence-based decision-making and that has to be communicated and that is hard because it's a mouthful and it's sometimes asking a person or public to sacrifice in the short term for the longer good and they will people will historically we do make difficult decisions as societies but it takes leadership and communication of those needs to do that. No one sacrifices for no reason but people will sacrifice for the greater good. You just have to explain that. Now despite as I mentioned all the needs for a scientifically informed electorate that is not what we are graduating year on year so we sort of flatlined in the teens. It's just continued going down in the 20s and it crashed from about 60% in the 80s9s. So this graph I just don't I cut this graph off because it's just so depressing your 12 STEM participation rate crash. This is a this is an incredibly complex reason why. But the challenge certainly is that we have a minority of our population that are STEM informed even to a year 12 level. Right? That's that's the baseline takeaway. So when you go and speak to the public, the chances are you're speaking to someone who has not had a year 12 science and in any sense experience. And that means that it behooves us as the scientists and experts to go to them both in a physical sense in a in a in a presentation sense, but also in the explanation of it. It doesn't mean they're not interested in STEM. It does mean that you have to work a little harder to explain what matters in terms of the discovery. Now, while we have a I guess a target in mind or hope sorry an outcome in mind in terms of trying to communicate the underlying policy solutions or even just the reality of where the challenge arose for those three examples I gave. We interact however with a very challenging ecosystem and that is where the power and the knowledge of these situations greatly differ. So if the knowledge is along the x-axis for any given topic from low on the left to high to on the right and the power so the decision-making authority to actually do something about that is vertical and again low to high we can put ourselves comfortably I think as informed but near powerless individuals. Okay, so hopefully some of you that ego hit isn't going to be too brutal this early morning. The politicians diametrically opposed. They have all the power. Not really, but they have a lot of power. Certainly have a lot of responsibility to take action and address these challenges. But sadly, and certainly in the Australian Parliament, there's an astonishingly low percentage, much actually lower than the national average, have science backgrounds. If you think about companies, boards are ultimately the decision-making authority. It is a delegation of authority to the executives and others to enact on their behalf the best actions of that company, but they are the ones who look out on decal time scales and consider these challenges. They have a lot of power, but again, typically they're not scientists. And in fact I was very fortunate to speak at the Australia Institute company directors on this exact topic. And there are one of the most significant challenges that boards are facing is the fact that there's no one with science background on those boards and yet they're grappling with concepts like climate change AI and not that you need the computer scientist to be on the board but you need someone who understands what a model is but even that concept is not clear by the way and then perhaps sliding down this scale with less power but maybe a little bit more practical knowledge or sitting at the coldface a little more technical sophistication experience would be say the managers of these companies or perhaps figures within the department say of industry or others. So you can see how we get this sliding scale of people who can make the decisions to people who know what those decisions should be. And unfortunately that arrow is the direction that it goes right if in practice that's the cascading kind of level of interaction authority. The opportunity, however, is that where the public who seemingly with a relatively low knowledge base on a given scientific topic and seemingly with little or no direct power are the shortcut because they go straight to the politicians or rather politicians are listening to them. So as scientists, we can go straight to the politicians of the boards and I try. It's not always successful, but if there is a public campaign that gets attention. So, as scientists, by addressing the public, we can square that not circle, don't know what that was, triangle, something like that. I'm not a mathematician. All right. So, I hope I made the case that we should, but can it work? Well, happily, yes. And we have a pretty graphic example. Again, my apologies for this so early in the morning, but if we look through history, we see the tobacco industry, the way it was advertised is quite stark and really quite instructive, I think, for us to remember how things used to be, where we would have doctors being used to sell cigarettes and making really quite wild claims or implied claims about the health benefits of them. Of course, even at the time when they knew that it wasn't even ultimately using babies to sell cigarettes, which is never something I've understood how that made sense, but anyways, apparently that baby likes to smoke. So clearly inappropriate advertising by modern standards today. But how did this change? Well, it wasn't because the tobacco industry became more conscious of its impact society and more responsible in terms of its advertising. Of course, it was decades of public campaigning, scientists communicating with the members of the public who would rally and create pressure on politicians and the boards to address. Now, particularly noticeable, of course, in Australia with our packaging laws and I'll I'll skip this now because it's obviously a bit unpleasant to see, but that has been an incredibly successful campaign. We have seen the numbers drop and we know it works because tobacco spends so much money trying to get those laws changed. Right? That tells you it's working. But the need to communicate never ends because now they found a new way of course to make tobacco sales and this is through vaping. And we are seeing this yearon-year growth and there seems to be no end to it. The science took a little time to catch up. I think everyone figured it's probably not a great idea. There was some vague just enough vaguess around the science to maybe it was not as bad as tobacco. That was the in that gave a couple of years head start for tobacco to push and now they've got a addicted base and they're off to the races again. It's just a repeat of the big tobacco wars. I think because no one has any trust at all in big tobacco. Ever this one will be addressed if not eliminated from society will move more quickly in a legislative sense and in fact are already doing this in Australia but again just because you've communicated once doesn't mean your job is done this is a battle that is ever never ending you have a new generation to inform to inspire you of course have new challenges to address maybe though on a personal level why should you right this is this is a difficult endeavor. I'm not asking anyone watching to try to go out and you know have a fight with big tobacco, right? You can just go and give a talk to your local school about the cool efforts going on in your world. But on a personal level, well I did and it's in fact a decade ago. So I joined Swinburn. We tried this role as sort of a combined research fellow and science communicator. So I would do the science and then talk about it. That was my job. And the reason is because it's worth something to my university and to your organizations in turn by having a profile that is called a in a marketing sense a dollar value return that they would otherwise have to pay to get that kind of profile raising. So there is actually a dollar you can assign to your appearances or activities and it's great because if you have a dollar that you can attribute to your efforts that is a justification for funding of roles or at