would do the science and then talk about it. That was my job. And the reason is because it's worth something to my university and to your organizations in turn by having a profile that is called a in a marketing sense a dollar value return that they would otherwise have to pay to get that kind of profile raising. So there is actually a dollar you can assign to your appearances or activities and it's great because if you have a dollar that you can attribute to your efforts that is a justification for funding of roles or at least your time investing your time by the organization in these activity. The comm's team on a just a personal level are just love to have people who are well experienced and practiced in media communication. They just want to give those opportunities to you. So reach out to your comm's team, get their training, get on their radar. They just have a little list of people that they work through when an opportunity arises. There is no shortage of opportunities. There is a shortage of people willing to take a call at 6:00 a. M. To make morning TV. So make sure you have your phone on. And there's also value to your career. And I want to emphasize that it's comes at a cost. You will publish less if you are doing science communication in the sense of you have limited hours in a day. That's going to inevitably cause you to spend some of it writing a press release or an explainer rather than a research paper. So you have to have a balance. But for personal level when I got to start doing things like the project and this is Freddy Finto which was a cool moment just as a someone coming from the UK like that was a very weird experience being on camera with him. He's a cricketer if anyone knows or whatever. , so having this profile was of value to me because it allowed me to add value to research collaborations. So for a period I was maybe publishing a little less but I was getting opportunities to join much bigger collaboration much more exciting research projects and in fact ended up boosting my career. , it's also just incredible because I got to meet people like Aldren. Just had these moments in my life of deeply fulfilling and in fact some of the proudest things I've ever done are associated with science communication you know yes the papers continue but it didn't matter that I was publishing a little less because I was doing so much more like for me that's what my career has been about is both doing the research but also talking about it I hope for you all here that would be an exciting opportunity as well but make no bones about You have to have find that balance. Yeah, and I get to hang out with like Brian Cox and stuff which is just I have to remove this slide. This is too ridiculous. Just a showboating. All right, good. All right, so you all want to meet Brian Cox, too, right? So, how do you do that? Or your equivalent this next generation. So, let's go through just a couple of highlights or tips. And these are my golden rules. And you're going to have a more intensive program of education later today. The first and most important golden rule is that of jargon and that is don't. If you can avoid it, don't do it. Jargon puts a barrier between you and your audience. They don't know that jargon. That's a thing that you in your discipline area have created to expedite explanations. It's great. It's wonderful. You should use it in your actual career, but don't use it in public because no one understands it and that makes them feel dumb, right? And that's the last thing you wanted. You were trying to explain something to them and now you've got them offside. So sometimes, however, there are act what I will phrase unavoidable jargon and that particularly sits around units or scales, right? And in science and engineering technology, we really struggle with a lot of those concepts. As an astronomer, mine is that of a lightyear. It is the bane of my life. So, we have as an example the one of the closest or not quite the closest, but it was one of the closest stars, Alpha Centauri, 4. 3 light years to Alpha Centuri. That is the distance that light travels in a year. We are seeing that star as it was 4. 3 light years ago when the light left it. That's okay. I mean, I think we kind of feel like that's probably far, but no one really gets it. , if what I'm trying to explain in mentioning Alpha Centauri is its distance from us. Well, if it's close by astronomical standards, I'll say 4. 3 lighty years because that sounds close. If what I want to emphasize is how far away that is because we want to send a rocket there, I'll say 400 trillion km, right? That's clearly a greater distance. The best however is to use analogy and right now we have the Voyager spacecraft. They have been traveling for you know 50 plus years now. They have left the solar system. They are the fastest furthest objects we have ever generated as a space fairing civilization. And if the distance from the Earth to Alpha Centauri were the size of well continental USA or Australia, then they are one mile on that journey, right? Fastest thing we've ever built. They've left the solar system. They're inconceivably far away. One mile on a journey across Australia. That's nowhere. So I think giving a sense of scale allows sorry by analogy allows people to use their personal reference frames to understand that crazy distance that space is. On a flip side and this is I was very privileged to give a talk to the Australian Institute of Occupational Hygienist. These are the people who come in and try to fix or sorry and set standards and measure you know air quality or you know noise levels in factories and the like. So they're constantly explaining these quite complex measurements to a diverse array of audiences. And one of their units is that of a micron. And in particular, they worry about very thin structures that can well have significant health challenges. So these synthetic mineral fibers are a great concern and inhaling them can cause tremendous issues in your lungs. For example. So they have a definition that sets this at something below 15 microns. What does that mean? Well, in explaining it, you could say a hundth of a millimeter. That's not bad actually. That kind of gets you a sense of my gosh, how thin is this? But of course, even better by analogy is less than a human hair width. You have connected to the audience. Everyone knows what a hair width is, as in they think like they couldn't tell you what the number is, but they know intuitively what that is. And this fine structure is clear. You have spent less time explaining the units and more the science in using that analogy. So continuing to emphasize the analogy, there was a comet intercept mission which was some astonishing feat of interplanetary navigation. Essentially, the Rosetta spacecraft launched by the European Space Agency traveled my goodness, what's the number now? Can I even remember it? Oh, call it 10 billion kilometers hitting a target no bigger than essentially a few hundred meters with astonishing precision would have meant nothing. Quite frankly, if I got on TV and said that, absolutely eyes would have glazed over. Seems like a big number. I don't get the relevance otherwise. So I've I put a distance barrier between myself and the owners. The analogy look in terms of the distance it traveled to the target it was able to hit is a akin to throwing a dart in Sydney and hitting a dart board in Perth in the bullseo. That's a very impressive scientific mission. So the analogy was the opportunity to make that connection to everyone's personal reference frames. Again for this occupational hygiene institute a AIO I offered a suggestion. They have a challenge this crystal and silica. This is the one of one of the things that can lead to lung cancers and the like and you really have to be monitoring. You have to try to try to ensure that there's not a hazardous level. But it's astonishingly tiny amounts, right? So 0. 05 milligs per cubic meter of air measured over eight hours, right? That's just an such an astonishingly small trace amount, but it's quite challenging to explain that to a board. Right? So now thinking about