# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

your audience. You have to try and kind of think your way into their heads as much as you can beforehand and think about where are they coming from? What might they know? What might they not know? You can, you know, sometimes you can't make assumptions. You have to make assumptions. You know, if there this was an auditorium with 400 people in it or if it was an online webinar, I couldn't necessarily be asking questions about where people are at. But as much as you can trying to find out about your audience in advance and get a sense of kind of where they are and who they are. The other thing that's really important and you know if you are someone who is afflicted by nerves or you know butterflies in the stomach before public speaking is to remember that most audiences are very forgiving. They really they're not thinking about you the speaker. They're not wondering you know is she nervous? Is he nervous? They're thinking about what you're they're trying to adapt, you know, adopt that and think about it themselves. So, so remember, sure, it's about you beforehand and your preparation and your practice, but when you're actually up here speaking, it's about the audience and what they're going to do with the information you give. A lot of people do get nervous about it. So it's called communication with apprehension. It's also known colloially as stage fright. I used to be my first career was as a an interpreter. And I used to get quite nervous beforehand because I might stand in there. Oh my god. Or if I was doing simultaneous interpreting, how can I you know what happens if I get this wrong? What happens if I say the wrong thing? It's difficult obviously in a in a non-native language as well. My partner used to be an actor. He used to get nervous and get that stage fright, but that's normal too. And in fact, that can often drive a kind of better performance. So, the main thing is if you do get nervous, not to worry about it. It's absolutely normal. It's not some kind of disorder. Most people feel it and it doesn't actually kill you. You can live with it. , you just might not get the best sleep the night before. , and you know, , maybe you'll have an anxiety dream like I had last night that I was, it was 300 p. M. When I woke up. Oh my god, I should be at. So anyway, so just remember it's absolutely normal. The other point and again you know I think this is really critical is thinking and practicing thinking about your audience. So you know the point this slide is far too small. The point of it is not for you to actually look at the information there. The point is to show you the need for differentiation. So for example, in my day job now, I have I'm the CEO and co-founder of a startup that helps universities and other education providers around the world measure and benchmark their climate action policies and practices and we do carbon accounting for their international education programs. We started last year. I talk to governments, universities, colleges, sustainability teams, international teams, vice chancellors almost every day of my life. There are some of those now where I'm repeating the same information. I don't need to do a lot of preparation. I did at the start, but now I'm like, okay, I'm doing that. It's that kind of talk again. I might need just 10, 15 minutes beforehand to get ready. For something like this. Earlier this year, I did a webinar to an online audience around the world, few hundred people, very different kinds of people. I knew it would be a mixed audience. I knew some would be at the start of their day, some would be at the end of their day, some would be watching a recording later. I prepped that within an inch of my life. And that's just one of the kind of five pages of storyboards because I thought this is such an opportunity. I don't want to waste a second. I want to make every message count. I want to make it hit and I need to think about what are the ways in which I can demonstrate each of those points and importantly as well the sequencing. So this is something I think not a lot at the start when I was constructing talks I didn't spend a lot of effort on. Now I think about quite a lot and I shift things around until I was satisfied that this logical part follows that follows that and that you can build the understanding and you're not chucking in a piece of information where there's not yet fertile ground for it to for it to bloom. You see so I think understanding what kind of talk you're giving is it something you know if somebody asks you to give a talk about your experience of being a student you know that's something sure you would think about it but you probably don't need to go into forensic levels of preparation whereas if somebody asks you to distill down all the key scientific terms and concepts that you've learned over the last three years of your study. That is something that you would definitely need to be a little more. So, so this one who watched the Donald Trump camela Harris debate you tell us. We didn't get the chance. >> Okay. So, I'm a politics nerd. So, so I did. And what was fascinating was that Camela Harris is tiny. She's she's apparently if she becomes the president of the US, she will be the shortest ever president. She's 5'4, I think. And Donald Trump is well over six foot. And there had been some talk beforehand about you know how he might kind of tower over her on the debate stage and make him look really small and kind of unpresidential and it's it's worth good. She walks in. She just goes right up to him and she's like and he was kind of taken it back and just like shook her hand but wouldn't really look at her and he came away looking weak. So that's another thing to think about when you're giving your talk. Again, not in all talks do you want to claim high status, but you certainly don't want to claim low status. You know, if you're wanting people to listen to you, it doesn't help if you're like, you have to be you have to be there and be even if you don't feel confident, you have to project confidence because if you don't project confidence, the audience stops listening to what you're saying and they start kind of worrying for you. You know, if you've ever been to a comedy egg and the standup comedians there and you're like, "Oh, what are funny? " You know, you stop actually enjoying them and if and laughing, you start kind of worrying for them. I think it'll be okay. So, so yeah, think about your entrance. Think about how you project. , I can I just ask a question? I've asked everybody else already. Are you a STEM student? >> Yeah, I am. >> Great. And do you have much experience of public speaking? We've got about half and half of the other and well you will today because everyone's going to give a short talk after lunch on the importance of communicating about science. So but we'll get you we'll get you there. Pop room take this one. The left the other side. Yeah. Beautiful. Thank you. So you like I said project confidence. So I'm going to talk now about climate change as a case study. Obviously, it's not the only scientific topic, but it's the one that I know best. And as I think a previous speaker alluded to, it's such a wicked problem and it's one where it really does give lots of opportunities to come at it from different angles from you know there's there's obviously a multid-disciplinary approach. You can you have audiences where they might straight technical and scientific approach but essentially where we need to be thinking or where a lot of the action has to happen is actually around the psychology of change. It's about how do people receive information? How do they how can you actually present that information in a way that is palatable that doesn't cause people to turn off and that's really difficult with a topic is as confront as climate change can be and so we're going to look at it and I think this you know again Alan alluded to this I call it kind of disaster porn I've been to talks by people who are