# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

bring it in to our houses. >> Yeah. >> With our routine activities. So that was my me inspiring by what they do >> and yeah I tried to capture that. And I think one was the second point was I had a student 20 years old. She said that I grew up with the technology and I dream to be an influencer. Now I know how I use of my power and digital and social media to inspire community with the climate change you know action and I think this type of you know work is very valuable. >> Fantastic. Any other examples? Yeah, I think you know so some of the other work I've done over the years I set up an organization called CAMI the climate action network for international educators and with that so that was kind of an advocacy and education organization and nonprofit and what we what we found there was and I found this in other areas of my work as well is that it's actually surprisingly easy to kind of switch people on if they haven't been thinking that way. It doesn't doesn't always take, you know, like, oh, here's a 10 week training course or whatever. It can take a few conversations. It can take half an hour. It can be a one-hour session where you if you actually sit down and show people the impact that a something like climate change is having and b the impact that they themselves can have. People absolutely love that. Like they people I think really enjoy having agency. They want to feel like they're doing something meaningful and purposeful with their lives. And if they can combine that with their professional work and their careers, it's, you know, it's kind of a win-win because, you know, still getting up and going to work and earning your living. But as I was talking to somebody recently who ran the work for climate academy every job is a climate job now. Everyone should be climate literate should sustainability literate should understand at least those core concepts and where they themselves can make some changes and also don't underestimate the power you have to influence everyone in your sphere. So it's not just when you're giving public talks, it's also when you're sitting in a cafe with your friends or talking to your families that you can have a really huge impact. >> I just want to raise this. I think Sarah is here in coming experts from educations and we are talking about how to educate our educators and how to educate our science students and I think those are the one who are going to build the future. So I guess we really need to revise our curriculum and bring something that our students just reflect on what you said like why we don't have any unit in a science degree that students can act as an act actor because you know to me what you just explained about public speaker is something outside the skills that we train or we study in science. So imagine if we had a class of authentic activity that our science students they actually practice to act. >> Yeah. >> You know that gives that confidence with the knowledge they have then they're confident to act as a public speaker. They are confident to you know bring that voice to you know share with the politicians who are making this policy. But we don't have that type of authentic activities. All we have for our sciences students computing science you know or biotechnology microbiology so space it's all about a important like a fundamental knowledge but we never practice that in our classes to communicate. So that might be something that we need to raise and we can brainstorm bringing different discipline. That's why I'm very keen in kind of a interdisciplinary approach where we bring our media queen option like students working with the science students or some of our students in arts like helping each other to just have a class of public speaking activity because to me I think you talk about the you know the current like the Donald Trump and that conversation. So I think that's kind of more of the action acting rather than the knowledge. So yes something that we need to work together with our students and I would like to hear the voice of our students. I mean I like to see okay if you did comfortable or like Olu you mentioned that you were comfortable. So what do you think that what are the skills beyond your discipline knowledge that you make you comfortable with a public speaking? >> I think like to get the confidence it really is about the practice. >> and I find cuz I run workshops and stuff as part of work and often it really is just about just connecting with the audience. You don't have to be you the confidence can come from just having fun. >> and a lot of presentations there are yeah I stuff up by like by accepting that you can stuff up and that's fine >> and using that to connect with the audience more makes it a lot more fun for the audience and for you and then when they're enjoying it you can feel a lot more comfortable as well. , and so I think practice and just having fun is the main thing for being able to present. >> , once you have that, then you can get the information out. But if you can't connect with the audience and you don't look like you're having fun, >> no one really >> But I think what I hearing from you, you put yourself in that position to practice. If the students they don't you know come with today is opportunity for us to sit here and to talk and to share our experience if we don't you know consider I know that everyone's is busy but I think if we don't get engage with the opportunities that is coming you don't have that practice if you sitting at home and do your study all the time you're fantastic your knowledge I can you know I can admit that you are very knowledgeable person but that doesn't mean that you can you have enough practice to communicate and make a fun and enjoy of that. So I think that's my message to the students >> get to know yourself improve your knowledge but do you know be aware of the opportunities and get engaged. I think through your practice you have that magic of you know start oh I'm now enjoying I'm now I start in front of the lecture room with 400 students and I don't you know so this is my space you know I'm going to act then and sometimes technology I remember I don't want to take time but I think >> sometimes the things are not going to happen the way that you think it has to happen so I was in for the people in this room at ATC 101 it's one of the largest theater room that you have and if you have a lecture and then the technology start stop working then you find yourself that you are going to have okay eyes are looking at me I don't have my slide what I'm going to do okay I have two choice whether I just show myself that oh I'm not able to continue you know teaching the biology or I just at least stand the way that I start said like just to project I wasn't comfortable at all but I just decide to project myself that I'm confident and I come perhaps with few words that it's just bring me back to the you know the you know action so but all of this happens if I was in the beginning of my journey as an academic. This was a disaster. >> you know sometimes I go with the events and the things is not going ahead with what we plan to do. So I guess it's all coming from your experience and your practice. Nobody teach us, nobody trained us how to do deal with it unless we need to learn from our own practice. So I think that's a very you know great message that we need to put ourselves in the position that we come to get engaged and learn from each other and practice because that's the only magic key that it make you perfect if you are willing to be more >> absolutely getting out there and just putting your being uncomfortable please. Yeah, I just want to add some points. I like that the most important things presentations is being natural. Deliver the knowledge that what you have. Nobody expects you to be very painful. Don't expect always to