# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

lab focus on what we are doing coming with that type of the attitude kind of problem solving but not really talk about it >> and what we train during our learning journey at university is more kind of conversation peer-to-peer in the same field. So it's kind of we don't have that type of opportunity to you know to communicate >> with the a broader community. Yeah, >> that's the challenge. >> Once that's good context and I mean I think you know obviously that's fantastic. You two are practiced already and quite confident. I was somebody who wasn't brought up doing any public speaking. The first time I had to do it I was in my early 30s. So about 20 years ago, I was very nervous. So nervous. And I had a tiny audience. I think I had three people to talk to. And I was shaking. I was so nervous. And you know there's a whole range of emotions that people can feel. But there's also I don't know it depends where you grow up as well. Who has the voice? Who do you expect to be talking? Who deserves to be listened to? And I think sometimes that's part of it as well is claiming that space and going, you know what, I do have something to say here. I do have some a valid viewpoint and being able to learn to be more confident in that. We'll talk a little bit about that. Alan said earlier about the importance of storytelling and that's something that I'm going to emphasize a lot as well. That's how we remember things. It's how our brains work. It's why politicians do put so much effort into creating stories about any policy, why journalists create stories that pick on individual examples to try and illustrate a story or a point and it's powerful. So I changed my life completely around. I was the pro- vice chancellor of a university and eight years ago I heard a colleague talk about climate impact of international education of the work that we were doing that I was so proud of because I love the benefits that come with internationalization of education but I hadn't thought about the climate impact of all of the ways that we work the aviation emissions the thoughtlessness of the way we kind of structured student recruitment events or transnational education operations and basically I decided at that point because of hearing somebody communicate about science that I wanted to do something about it. So, you know, these stories can absolutely change people and you as STEM students really have got an incredible amount of potential influence that you can that you can use. So, we won't do the slide though. We've talked about that. , what but what would you like to get out of today? What are you hoping to come away with after today? How about yourself? >> What do you mean >> when you leave here today? >> What do you hope to have learned or experience? >> I think I didn't talk about the importance of public speaking before. I was talking about something that had a priority than speaking like engaging with the character that after that I really realized that public speaking is the most important thing especially in increasing our confidence and increasing our connections and the better in the field and reaching out what we want to what our plan. So what is the problem that we would like to reach? >> Yeah. >> And our future career and our future anything we want to do >> anyone else what do you hope to get out of today? I'll be probably like able to speak out your thoughts in your innovation because I want to learn how to present that when I'm doing a presentation as well as like leadership. So >> and that's it. I think being a strong communistator about something as important as science is about being a leader. Any other comments? Science, science communication specifically is something that I've kind of recently found an interest in, but I've also have a lot of background in like advocacy work and all of that. And I find I the overlap between those and how you can actually present information in a way that makes people want to change is something that I always interested in growing my knowledge around. >> And is your advocacy work related in any way to science or is it >> not really. So I do a lot of in like accessibility and disability support as well as in sustainability which you seem to have a cool background in. So yeah, thank you. Anything else? I >> mean, I guess I'm particularly interested in the soul space because recent times would certainly show, especially with the advent of social media, that you don't necessarily need to actually know what you're talking about. You need to be able to reach massive groups of people. And so I think if I'm able to better harness you know the ability to communicate strong knowledge points out to the community that can be extremely valuable what Alan's done and what you've done and what is doing with this study. That's that's what's needed more in the world now, I think, more than ever because there's a lot of people going around with a lot of strong opinions, but very little actual factual evidence to back that up. So, if there's some more of us who can come in and provide some more context, but still be able to communicate that strongly and effectively, that could help improve the world for better. >> Yeah, absolutely. And I think you know we've got such clear recent examples of where things like that have gone on like during the pandemic where there was misinformation about vaccines and AI obviously is another threshold you know where we're it's going to be so important that people do understand sorry please can I comment going back to what Duffy was talking about empowering ing young people. So in terms of communicating to younger audiences is something because I come from a teacher education background. So I teach teachers, I work with teachers, I research with teachers and schools and principles and one of the things is how we as a community of STEM from as saying multiddisiplinary can empower young students, young children for example going back to the example of co washing hands. How many posters came out and children were just asked to follow step number one, step two, step three unknowingly. So again, how we meaningfully empower through public speaking young children, young students because they are the ones who are going to make the world a better place to live in. So it's something yeah could be considered as >> empowering young children through public speaking. >> Absolutely. And I think I mean when I think about public speaking I mean this is obviously public speaking you know go anytime you're hearing a lecture or a keynote or you hear a politician in parliament or standing in a debate but I think of public speaking as being something much wider. It's about how you communicate with any group of people while speaking. So you know that could be you're in a team meeting with your colleagues. If you're the manager of a team, how you relate to other people, how you're reporting to your board. , all of these things are actually you can apply these same strategies to any of these forms of communication because what it's about is effectively you have an opportunity to impart knowledge to engage or entertain or educate somebody. And the more effectively you can do that, the better you can structure it, the more engaging you can make it, the more you can show somebody why it's important to them. , the better your careers will go, the more effective you can be in whatever your chosen endeavor is. So I think, you know, mastering these strategies is actually crucial to just about any endeavor, not just standing up and giving a public talk. , okay. So, key lesson number one and it's not about you, it's about your audience. And the previous speaker mentioned that as well, you have to respect your audience. You have to try and kind of think your way into their heads as much as you can beforehand and think about where are they coming from? What might they know? What might they not know? You can, you know, sometimes you can't make assumptions. You have to make assumptions. You know, if there this was an auditorium with 400 people in it or if it was an online webinar, I couldn't necessarily be asking questions about where people are at. But as much as you can trying to find out about your audience in advance and get