# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

practice. So I think that's a very you know great message that we need to put ourselves in the position that we come to get engaged and learn from each other and practice because that's the only magic key that it make you perfect if you are willing to be more >> absolutely getting out there and just putting your being uncomfortable please. Yeah, I just want to add some points. I like that the most important things presentations is being natural. Deliver the knowledge that what you have. Nobody expects you to be very painful. Don't expect always to be in this in this field or the thing that you the knowledge that you want to deliver. And always keep the audience engaging and there's always the first time. So yeah, the first time is hard and the second time you are fragile. The third time you don't need to practice and the most important thing in keeping the audience always engaging is expanding our knowledge. Absolutely. Well done. Thank you. Yes. And what about you? So you've mentioned that you haven't done much public speaking. Is that I'm assuming that you would like to because you're here. Have you have you kind of shied away from it or has it just really not been a good chance to do it? >> Just shied away from it. Like I don't feel well during my journey here at uni. I just never had like the chance as well. But I guess now that I'm doing random challenges, I'm most developing. Yeah. But yeah, I've just never shied away from it mostly. >> That's a great example though of what Beta was just saying. You've put yourself forward to do one of these kind of challenges. I assume that's an optional thing. >> Yes, the core units. >> Oh, it's a core unit. Okay. So, you've chosen a course that has that. So, >> yeah. >> , so you know, you have to do it. And can I just can't let what beta said earlier go past without commenting on it too. What you said about thinking about curriculum is such a brilliant example of looking for where your power is, where's your sphere of influence, what could you do? And you know no doubt to if you do start kind of you know trying to influence the direction of the curriculum you'll be giving public talks even if it's within you know your academic group within to the academic board or within your school executive and that's you know very similar to any other kind of public talk and it's it would be about thing why is getting people to understand why it's important what the benefits could be how it could work and trying to be as queer and succinct as possible and using your own style. I think that's something really important as well is, you know, I have a certain style. We all have certain styles. You know, we can play around with it a bit. You know, depending on the on the audience, I'll be more formal or more joy or whatever, but I'm still always recognizably me communicating, not just the physical. , and I think, you know, where public speaking can go a bit off is when somebody tries to be something that they're not. So, play up to your core values, your core, you I think that always comes across really well. So there you go. That's as I said my favorite example. I think Alan touched on this earlier. So I won't say a lot more here about understanding your audience other than that when it comes to talking about something like climate change and it may well be the case for other scientific topics. There can be all sorts of other sensitivities around. So not just that kind of what's the age or the education level of the audience but you political beliefs ideological beliefs you know if you are talking about vaccines for example during the pandemic I'm sure you know some people got caught up on in that kind of political polarization of that issue. Certainly when it comes to climate change there are some people who it might be easier to connect with them by again emphasizing those kind of shared values. We all want the safe for our kids, our family or whatever. Whereas if you kind of go in with a you know stereotypically kind of progressive viewpoint and you know hands up that's me. So I have to kind of really watch that and rein myself in sometimes and think about the audience. Think perhaps I've got a more conservative audience and so I need to hit different buttons not necessarily just assume that people would necessarily think that tackling climate action u tackling climate crisis was good on its own merits have has anyone got any questions on anything that we've talked about so far anything that any examples you'd like to share? It's sort of interesting, I suppose, from even a local perspective here at Swimburn. There's a whole lot more politics here than it seems that universities across the board now than I'd ever imagined, frankly. And it's been an interesting kind of contrast especially for our aviation department because and engineering as well. In fact, you know, there's one of these clubs here been going around putting posters up everywhere about wanting to keep Boeing out and walking and a few of these different companies and then they're reaching out to our clubs as well asking us to promote this course which we have we deliberately stayed very far from politics and all that because aviation but it's going it's kind of odd. Because it's in direct contrast from our actual best interest because some of those companies you know not necessarily those specific divisions that these guys are concerned about but they're a huge supporter of our industries and provide a lot of you know very good people to come and talk and do presentations and displays and so on and also provide huge amount of internship ship, graduate roles and all that sort of thing. So the balance of where you go well how can we act in the best interests of not only the global community but also the local community and kind of provide an equilibrium of sorts has been yeah something which we've come across and to be honest haven't been expected really >> and so that's something that's rapidly developing and changing at the moment. And of course climate ties into that, but as well you know how can we as you know obviously aviation is a considerable contributing to climate issues. And so we're trying to acknowledge that and go well what's the steps we can take in the right direction to acknowledge that and start changing things. And it's it's all happening very quickly. And so you have to keep up >> which is difficult. >> That's a great example. And some, you know, when you're if you're giving a public talk about to student students, high school students about studying radiation at Swinburn, you might want to think about how you do you bring that in, do you not? What how would you present it? , so yeah, always being aware of the kind of broader context. , did you >> just Yeah. Taking in all the wonderful ideas and yeah the beliefs and the passion that you all are bringing into the conversation is and sorry I don't know anyone's name but what do you think apart from this afternoon when you give your 4m minute talk on why having excellent communication skills around science is so vital for the world , what do you think that your next public talk might be? , Simon just doing like presentation. So, I guess we're just like present. I mean, we're going to present what we did and then present what we did to solve that problem. That's true. >> Mhm. Yeah. And so, but I take it, have you been part of those group presentations before? >> , yeah, I did I did so last year I think I did is we try to solve a problem with it's a community called jig and it's a part with nitro solution. So five of us have to come up with five different solutions. So we start looking combat nitrate water. So yeah, >> great. And how did you feel it went? >> How do you feel? I feel like I feel nervous but afterwards what I did is presented well. I think I wear a suit at the presentation and I think some of my friends did that. Sometimes they wear a suit, sometimes they did not. And yeah, so yeah, we were presenting well. We did like at least like up to three minutes. >> Mhm. >> And we got it. We