curriculum? Are you going to excite your students to learn about science to learn about mathematics to become engineers? So we co-designed this activity and we gave this problem brief to the primary students coming from different backgrounds. So it was an indigenous school. So storytelling was very important. So again that came from the teachers. So you as when you're acting as citizen scientists or when you're building your communication talks, storytelling again I think it was the fourth principle that Alan was talking about or third principle. How do you tell your story? How you tell your story and then build a market and have your startup and start having the Yeah, the funding around you or sell your product. So anyway, this story started with bushfires. So I gave them I mean we brainstormed different ideas. What is the problem right now that you want your primary students to engage with? So a lot of rangers, park rangers come and talk to these students. Some of these students haven't been out of their community, not even out of not even to Darwin, even won't come to Melbourne. So for them the living breathing environment and to act as you know partake in an activity where they have to code and you know learn how to maneuver a robot. It has to be for a meaningful purpose. So we came up with this bushfire story because we wanted the students to role play as bushfire safety engineers. There is a lack of that scientific literacy and that profession STEM profession in that particular context. So we asked the students, hey, how are you going to role play as bushfire safety engineers? Because you need to solve a problem. And the problem is bush fires are becoming more frequent and dangerous. They're threatening homes, wildlife, animals, plant, flora, fauna in the Katherine region. So we didn't give them any other region in Darwin or in Melbourne. Like buckar Melbourne, I live here. So it's about anchoring into the authentic learning context, especially during the dry season. The community needs new solutions. And here is a piece of technology we're giving you robotics. How are you then going to act as an engineer to ensure that important cultural site sites where you go for hunting, fishing and recreation activities. How are you going to protect the environment and the local cultural places that you love to go to with your parents and carers or with your friends. For example. So the design thinking and creativity and critical think thinking started to you know come in action. So you will be working in pairs for example. These students started to work also in groups of three to four to design a story map for them. Art is very important. So designing, drawing, creating, constructing is very important. And that's how they realized, oh, I am now going to act as an engineer and I'm going to make my community scientifically literate of how to save the animals the flora, fauna, the crocodiles and all of that are in my local region from this, you know, high booming temperatures for example that are causing bushfires. So these are some examples we asked them go and research and then role play. And then once you've designed you know what you want your robot to do you will then start coding it. So computer science information came in these robots that the students work with these are primary students. They're not secondary students where they have these high-tech robots. At some point they will. But some of the constructions and creations they made were just amazing in terms of how that entire prototype could be taken to a computer scientist. These are some examples and this story is now available on the Facebook page on the school Facebook page which just warmed our heart and I'm going back and talking to the teachers. They are on holidays at the moment and they're just so excited with the work the students produced. So these are the local places that they go and visit. These are the story maps and then these are the pathways that they're going to act as bushfire safety engineers where they're coding the robots and whilst they were coding the robots some other student in their group is recording audio recording. So the end product for the teacher the assessment was the storytelling was the assessment task whether it could be a audio recording or a audio video recording or simple if you don't want to do recording then how would you make as make it as a collage so some students wanted to make it as a collage so the literacy skills their drawings the beautiful animals and the trees and the bushes that they go in for recreation activities where their grandparents and the elders might be going for hunting and fishing for example. That all culminated into this beautiful piece of art. Whilst they were using the iPads to quote the robot and whilst they were telling the story they were saying, "My robot has sensors to sense high temperatures. My robot has a camera where it can detect the crocodile in the river, for example. " So all of these different stories that they started to role play and act as waterman rangers and the next step is these students are then going to go and deliver a tour to the local community and show their prototypes or simply their designs and the that was the extension activity construct a robot. So some of these you will see some of these designs that came in. Again this is diverse abilities of students. Some created drawings. Some created you know robots by itself using recycled materials. , some used Lego robotics kits to make their robots with, you know, sensors and go travel around and save the animals from dying from bushfires or protect them before the bush fire comes and hits them. So that was an example of how these primary school students acted as citizen scientists. How else could we support them and take their learning journey, their STEM journey to become empower the local community? Teacher has had enough. I've done my marking. I've done my assessment. See you later. That's it. I move on and plan my next term. Teachers are so busy. I think at an external you know science compensators to the teachers. This is a event CSRO has this type of the partnership for all of us who are study in any field of ST there to bring something to kind of authentic activity and ask last time I visited a school I asked them okay tell me one action that you're going to consider around the dining table tonight with your parents and your sisters or brothers. So bringing that and they are fantastic kids they really like they get excited. Okay, we discussed about composting during the weekend. Be discussing about buying a product that has this you know sustainable package you know bringing that type of okay now you are the leader how you're going to lead your family members just you know sitting around the table and do it and they come with a fantastic example so I guess encouraging students that again bringing this to our daily tasks it's a kind of a I think a good habit and supporting the teachers with the ideas because there are there are a lot needs to be covered and they shouldn't feel they are alone in this journey for our future ladies. >> Yeah. So yeah I invite you now maybe a few ideas about how would you then teach and build young students's opport communities scientific literacy about climate change challenges. So here we're talking about the bushfire challenge and the impacts on the planet. And again it might be something which is you know everything is can be centered around climate change and all of that like we're talking about you know hydrogen fuel and all of that sustainable fuel energy. It might be in your context in your PhD research you might be doing something about you know particular types of materials and are they sustainable or not to solve the problem about you know dental yeah we have green solutions by biotechnologist to the synthetic antibacterial so we are extracting natural components from mimicking the environment ments to come with a type of material that is helping and acting as an antibacterial. So green solution team and amplified team fight. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So yeah, I invite you to think of what topics and ideas. Of course, you've got something in hand today, but you might want to park some of these ideas that you're inspired around and of course anchor in what your expertise is as well that how you want to motivate other younger generation or the community that you might