# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

Good morning everyone and welcome to the sciences spectra. So we are hoping this events to help us to improve our public speakings and of course sharing our knowledge with the community. So before we start I would like to go with the acknowledgement of the country. On behalf of those present, I acknowledge the traditional owner of the land on which we meet we now meet and I pay my respects to the elders past, present and emerging. I also pay my respect to all indigenous and terious straits Icelanders people for from Australia and in case if this recording is going to be watched in Malaysia. So we would like to respect to the traditional owners of the land from both of these countries and hope that our vision for continuing this reconciliation to be shared and embraced. So today we are going to come with an idea of science spectra. We are hoping that we again share our STEM wonders and this is something that we would like to come share with the community. So this is the order of the event. So I would invite Alan professor Alan Duffy to go through the keynote shortly the power of science communication and that comes with the master class and then following up on inspiring climate change action through citizen sci science and then that bring us to the break but during the break we are going to have fun with the catering around and the networking and working on the presentation. So in the master class we are hoping that instruction of step by step going through the public speaking with a subject that we are going to share with the topic that we are going to share it helps you to work as a team hopefully and coming with your a 4m minute presentation and then that is about how you are going to share your idea with targeted audience of high school students and I explain why but yes so the best presentation is going to be awarded and we are going to have Dr. Rit joining us from the school of science. And then we are going to have a price and certificate and then coming with a closing the event with a feedback and hopefully we are going to have a nominators from this event to visit the high school and then we can bring this practice to the high school and share the you know the I guess our knowledge and you know talk about our inspiring topics. To the high school students. So with that I guess this is just shortly who we are and what's our vision. So three of us from Malaysia and Australia working together. We are running a program which is shaping STEM futures. Again our u aim is to empower our students to act as a science communicator. We believe that people's knowledge is a powerful source and we want to make sure that our students are going to act beyond their discipline. This is kind of a multidisiplinary invitation to unpack a challenge and we have a lot of these kind of global challenges how to work together to make the world a better place to live. That's our vision. So with this I would like to invite professor Alan Duffy with the keynote the power of science communication. Thank you so much Alan. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you so much Peter and thank you all for this opportunity. , I'm going to give a it's a fairly self-indulgent talk because essentially I've devoted many now years of my life to science communication and I'm going to go with the argument that it really matters that I have actually not wasted my life doing that in any way. , and I would encourage you all to this as well. So, , considering who's in front of me, I suspect it's self-evident that we think science communication matters, but Why should we reach out? And I we have obvious challenges in our world where let's take climate change as the primary example where there is an existential challenge that will require more science and technology not less to address. The challenge is not the invention of the technology however it is its adoption. We know how to combat climate change. We just aren't doing it fast enough. In democracies, the way that this happens is our elected officials have long-term horizons, several years. Let's optimistically, let's have them thinking a decade out. And knowing what's coming, they invest today for that future. The challenge is they have to be driven to that leadership role knowing the community will support them. I. E. That they will be elected based on roles that include taking stances to mitigate climate change. That requires an electorate that is at least aware of the challenges, aware of that science and technology. So being science and technology literate is what matters as a democracy. We need the people who vote to be aware of this stuff. We're asking them to take informed decisions through the election on these incredibly challenging topics. So one of the primary roles for a science communicator is to try to help the public to understand these issues. Climate change has a particularly pernicious challenge because it's multi-deal. It's it's a distributed responsibility. Everyone kind of has contributed to the problem. There's no one easy solution. It is perhaps the most wicked of all these wicked problems. But at least we have through decades of science communication efforts begun I think to change the narrative. And now it's actually seen in a positive investment sense that we roll out technology for example PV or other energy generation sources. Another topic which I find fascinating is that of AI both in how badly it's explained what is actually AI and you know pattern recognition and you know light touch prediction and not this artificial general intelligence that's Skynet. But at the same time how we've been able to see the hype curve of a new technology almost within it felt it feels like a calendar year. We've seen something that's usually a decade long process squashed into 12 months. You know we've had the incredible hype. We've had the realization that maybe it's not that fantastic and now we're going back up in recognizing there is great value to be had. Hopefully of course that a value that will be shared equitably across society because it will cause displacement in roles certainly but we saw how quickly the excitement of AI turned to fear of AI and how quickly we started to see knee-jerk legislation and response from government not just Australia's but globally. This is a prime example of where the science communicators were required where we didn't need to have people necessarily the coders themselves going out and explaining this but really just can honestly I would have been happy to see more social scientists speak about this how do jobs actually quote unquote disappear or get taken by AI in practice that's not really what happens of course there's there's a change or transition over time of the role itself and AI helps lift productivity or at least of course that's the hope and then finally one of the more challenging issues is perhaps one of our oldest needs and that of course is housing. We have a housing crisis at the moment in this nation but globally an affordability challenge and this speaks to just how broad science and technology is as a discipline. It's not just the shiny photovoltaic solar cells, you know, on the on the roof. It's not just the latest in AI. It is the very much policydriven, evidence-based, policydriven approach to resolving challenges that can take decades or generations to resolve and housing is a prime example. So, social scientists should be at the for explaining why we're in such a dire straits with our housing situation and how can we address it. Again, we actually know how to, it's just not being communicated that well. So, science communication, I think, is evidence communication or what does best policy communication look like, right? So, it doesn't have to be flash and shiny because it's science. It's evidence-based decision-m communication. But that's just a mouthful. So, we'll say psychonom, right? But that's really what I mean when I say psychonom. And I think all of these challenges need to be addressed and they are addressed through evidence-based decision-making and that has to be communicated and that is hard because it's a mouthful and it's sometimes asking a person or public to sacrifice in the short term for the longer good and they will people will historically we do make difficult decisions as societies but it takes leadership and communication of those needs to do that. No one sacrifices for no reason but people will sacrifice for the greater