# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

you're highlighting. Scientists are going to have a very different interest and structure of delivery of that explanation than say the general public who you always have to lead with the what's happened rather than scientists where you can do a structured introduction methods, show them the results and then in the discussion get to why it mattered. You flip that when it's the public. I'm going to encourage everyone as young professionals you have a particular value for the general public and politicians as well in that you are photogenic. People like young people. Politicians like to be beside young people. I don't if you notice this, how many selfies they do. You can get audiences with these people in a way that old farts like me can't anymore. Make use of that power that you have to be a enthusiastic and passionate and informed There we go. The rule of three professional in your field and politicians will give you the time of day. It's astonishing. You can reach out to them especially in Australia they will meet you if only just to get a selfie with you. Knowing your audience is also key just roughly speaking if it is a younger or older demographic is an informed i. E. No scientific background or they're noble laureates. You know, where are they in terms of this diagram as just one way to understand an audience? , and we can then as a result pitch in different ways the explanation, the format, even the visual extent. The fact that they're nerds who are younger means they probably will get references like Futurama, although I don't know. I think that's aging out as an as an example now. Just being very clear about the audience is also how you will structure your delivery. The energy you bring to it, the examples, the analogies that I've emphasized, it matters that you're pitching that at the right level for your audience. And then finally, your medium matters as well. So be it traditional media of print in TV or radio, if it's TV that you want to be pitching on, you have to have strong visuals. You will not get on air without something that's attractive like that. If it's a live presentation, be aware of your audience and where you sit in the room. Do you have to walk across and occupy the stage? Do you make sure that you're talking to everyone and sweeping the audience and making them feel connected? All of these things matter. These are tactical things, but they really strongly matter. And of course, social media is its own beast, and I am not the expert on that. I even lost my login details to X. I've just lost like 20,000 followers. , yes, there are experts and I encourage you to learn from the best. Being able to craft your narrative, targeting your audience, and then understanding what the constraints of the medium are and shaping that messaging are key. And I'll end on this final point that we really do need you. This is not something that any one person, no matter their profile, can do. The fact that we have a rich diversity of people wanting to communicate science to solve these challenges of our time through evidence-based decision-making that gives me optimism and strength in the work that I do because I can see so many others joining that enduring not battle but opportunity to better explain how we can make a better tomorrow together today. Thank you so much. So it's always coming with this inspiring informative you know presentation and it's encourage us to reflect on who we are what we would like to do for ourselves for our community. So it's kind of that message was about how to balance between the activities that we are doing because we all are ambitious with what we would like to do professionally in our career but yeah so how we come with kind of a balancing to make a meaningful life I think that's the a very important point thank you so much Alan so now we would like to come with the next guest speakers Elsa to take us to the master class of public speaking. Thank you so much Alisa. I just let you to introduce yourself and then we go ahead. By the way, we have this I don't know that if you want to walk around. So, this is kind of you. >> Thank you. Oh, wonderful. I was going to ask if that's okay to walk around for the >> Yeah. Now, go for it. >> Cool. >> Do we have a clicker as well? That would be Wait, what's this? >> Okay, we have it. Well, looking for the T. , hello everyone. Really happy to be here. My name is Elsa Lamant and you've just heard from obviously a fantastic speaker who is a scientist who is an expert in a field of science. I have been communicating about a scientific topic about the need to tackle the climate crisis for the last eight years and I am not a scientist. So, I wish that I'd been able to learn some of the needs. Thank you. About what to do from somebody who was such a fantastic communicator as Alan. But I had to learn in different ways. But I think what I find and I hope you will find interesting is that perhaps my experience might be of relevance to you because I come from a non-scientific background. I think I probably represent quite a lot of your potential audiences as you go out and speak to potential science interested audiences. So today what we're going to talk about is a number of very practical tips for how to perfect how to improve your public speaking skills and strategies. And I use the word perfect there. And you may never perfect them. I don't think I've perfected them yet, but you will get better and it is something that does get better with practice. We're going to look at climate change specifically as a case study. We're going to set the parameters for the talk that you are going to give later this afternoon and we're going to run through a whole heap of very specific tips. And in fact some of them do resonate very closely with some of the highlights that Alan mentioned in his talk there. Because we have a small group here, I'd really like to get a better sense of you all. So can we just double check who here are students? Okay, so we've got four students. Excellent. How many of you actually are science or STEM students? Okay. Engineering. >> Yeah. Okay. Everyone say okay again. So how many of you expect to actually do a lot of public speaking in your future careers? >> Okay. Yeah. Which makes sense. Otherwise why would you be here? So, apart from the great lunch and the prizes, but so let's I was going to do a slide to kind of gauge the audience, but since we're small, we'll just keep it informal. So, how many of you have already done public speaking? Half and half. How did you find it? >> I enjoyed it. >> I think how about yourself? Started getting taught how to speak and find groups of people in red for a minute. >> So it was just taught throughout my whole school journey and it's just kept developing over time I guess. >> Wonderful. So you both pretty comfortable. >> Exactly. >> Great. Fantastic. And how about yourself? So you haven't he said so is that because is that a choice or just the opportunity hasn't come up? I think it's too many like since like I've been doing like computer science I think I will not have this >> do public speaking well today's how about yourself >> I think yeah the opportunity is yeah but I expect to do more in future I think this is something that it comes with our nature as a science you know who study science. We really kind of and I often see how our students they ask me like if we can replace some other activities than public speaking. We train to work in the lab focus on what we are doing coming with that type of the attitude kind of problem solving but not really talk about it >> and what we train during our learning journey at university is more kind of conversation peer-to-peer in the same field. So it's kind of we don't have that type of opportunity to you know to communicate >> with the a broader community. Yeah, >> that's the challenge. >> Once that's good context and I mean I think you know obviously that's fantastic. You two are practiced already and quite confident. I was somebody who wasn't