need to be thinking or where a lot of the action has to happen is actually around the psychology of change. It's about how do people receive information? How do they how can you actually present that information in a way that is palatable that doesn't cause people to turn off and that's really difficult with a topic is as confront as climate change can be and so we're going to look at it and I think this you know again Alan alluded to this I call it kind of disaster porn I've been to talks by people who are fantastic communicators But you come away feeling overwhelmed because all they show you is slide after slide of death and destruction and floods and heat waves and this is what's happening and you can't wait back on. It's like that's dreadful. And sure we you know you all know the science. You know what's happening. You know the average temperatures are warming. You know that the climate systems destabilizing and the effects that have can have. But it's so important to be able to present this in a positive way that gives people tangible actions so that they actually can go okay well here's the thing that I could do and it can be a small thing even if it's a thing that small action item that doesn't necessarily lead to a whole heap of impact. I always prefer to get somebody doing something, then they're more receptive psychologically to take up other actions later that could be more ambitious. Hopefully, you get them doing more ambitious things right from the start. But as long as they come away with a practical thing they're going to do, they do it usually that makes them feel good and then they're like right on that kind of positive cycle of okay, I can do something else. This is an example of what not to do with colleague who presented this. , and it's, you know, it's fabulous information. But as an example of what to put on a single slide, I'd say try and shy away from that. There's just far too much going on there. , that could be something that if you really want people to have that information, pull out the one or two key bits, send them this later, point them to it, but don't be trying to practice trying to condense everything into one slide. I think that's a mistake that I made earlier when I started learning enough about climate change to be able to communicate about it. I started trying to tell everybody and here's everything I've learned and it was too much. You know, that's that can be, you know, less can be more sometimes. So, thinking what do they need to know? Not so that you're withholding anything, but people only have so much attention span or so much kind of emotional and intellectual bandwidth each time. So again you heard about analogy the power of analogy earlier. This is another example of that when I talk to people about you know terms of carbon dioxide equivalent that doesn't mean anything to anybody to sorry not to anybody doesn't mean anything to a lot of people especially to people who are not scientifically trained. So I always try and make it relatable, try and give those kind of analogous examples. Can anyone spot here a way that I could have made this slide even more relatable? >> Exactly. Yeah, I did actually pull this out for a webinar to French students if I was going to swap it for one for Australia today and then I thought, oh no, I'll just stick that question in the back. , so yeah, if you can, you know, think again thinking about your audience, where is your audience coming from? What examples might they relate to? This is an example that comes from Al Gore, former US Vice President Al Gore. You probably heard of him. He was the one that kind of kicked off a lot of the public awareness about the climate crisis back several decades ago. And he started something called the climate reality cored their training years ago. That was one of the first things I did after I quit the uni job. , and he's an amazing communicator in some ways, although he does focus a bit more on the problem than on the solutions from my perspective. But one of the things that he talked about which, you know, he does always try and use that analogy where he can. So, for example, in this one, let's say that's the horizon there. , and he said, you know, the protective layer around the Earth is so fragile. It's so thin, if you were to get in a car and drive up highway speeds straight up, it would only take you five minutes to hit the top of the troposphere, the part of the atmosphere where the greenhouse gases are trapped. And that was that's great. 100 minutes strong because otherwise if I just talked about you know the distance or the width of the troposphere again for most people that's not going to resonate but you remember slowly who's who here has seen these climate stripes they it came out a few years back it was a professor at the University of Reading Professor Ed Hawkins developed them. , I personally think they're absolutely beautiful. You'll see them everywhere now that you we've talked about them. Basically, each of those stripes is it equates to one year. And so, the average temperature in that year relative to the average temperature in all the other years. And you can actually go on to the website, you can download images for you can localize it. So this is a Melbourne one. Obviously the red symbolizes butter temperatures, the blue symbolizes water temperatures. So it's such a great way in one in one slide in one image of just clearly showing how much has changed. And I suppose that's whether you're using images or if it's just in how you're speaking. That's what we're aiming for is to get that clarity, that kind of precision in how you're explaining a concept to somebody, which is why I love that one so much. But yeah, you can go in and look at, you know, global temperature change or wherever, maybe your home hometown or countries. This, I think, is my favorite example ever of science communication from 350. Org, which is a climate action advocacy organization. It's warming. It's us. We're sure it's bad. We can fix it. That's Yeah, it's it's that in itself is a master class in how to communicate a really serious struggle and it gives hope. Can anyone think of any other really good examples? Doesn't have to be about climate change, could be about anything else that you've seen. I >> think we had a visit in Malaysia just recently and we worked with we had a chance to visit one of the organization that they named the food laws. Their work under the food bank. >> Yeah. >> So I guess they had a very kind of a great visualization of their impact for collecting the food waste in fact before the food get wasted. So how they present their work is collecting the food and then distributing to the poor people. And I don't forget that presentation, that visualization of how first they helped the community >> with the amount of food that could be waste and could make a problem for the community. >> And I think their action to avoid going to that direction also to help the community by collecting. So they were all aligned with this 17 develop sustainable goals and I think this is the way that I was thinking. You know if every one of us consider this as a routine practice like how we do care about us about our you know our children our parents >> as an individual in the community how we think and reflect on our you know routine tasks so can have an impact on our society I think that's a huge impact in I think what we are hoping to achieve. So it's more powerful than any education. I think we need to bring it in to our houses. >> Yeah. >> With our routine activities. So that was my me inspiring by what they do >> and yeah I tried to capture that. And I think one was the second point was I had a student 20 years old. She said that I grew up with the technology and I dream to be an influencer. Now I know how I use of my power and digital and social media to inspire community with the climate change you know action and I think this type of you know work is very valuable. >>