# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Storytelling with Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

want to bring it right to the start. So, I'm just going to click on it to select it. And we can tell that it's selected because we have this little orange border around it. And then I'm just going to click and drag and I'm going to move it right to the beginning. And you'll see that as I'm moving things around, it's going to sort of snap to in between. So I can't put it in the middle of a clip. But we can put it at the ends or the beginnings. And it's just going to sort of slot in nicely and it's going to move everything around so that it's going to keep it all organized for us. So now that we have this clip at the start here, we can play through it and we can see that it's a little bit too short. So maybe for my title screen, I want it to go for about 5 seconds. We have two ways that we can change the length of a track. The first thing that we can do is go to this speed panel down here. So it's the one that looks like a little stopwatch. And we can open this one up. And we'll have some options here to edit the duration and the speed. So with the clip selected, remember we've got this orange highlight to show that we've got it selected. We can see that this clip is currently 2 seconds and 14 frames long. So I'm just going to go right ahead and change that to 5 seconds and 0 frames. And you'll see that this has just extended that photo out. But because this is a photo, we can extend it to however long we want. , but for a video, obviously, we can't make more of this video that doesn't exist. , but we can make it shorter. So, we could say that maybe we just want this clip to go for 10 seconds. And you'll see that has then cut it down. I'm going to undo that using the shortcut control zed. If you're on a Mac, that will be command z. We also have these undo and redo buttons up here. , the other way that we can change the length of a track is by hovering our mouse over the end. , and you'll see that the cursor has turned into this little yellow bracket with an arrow. Once we have that, we can then just drag that in and we'll be able to change the length of the clip. , the other thing that we can do in this speed panel is change the actual playback speed. So, we can make things slow motion. We can make things super fast. So, maybe we want this to be in slow motion. So, we can drag this slider back. And then if we play that through once it starts to load. Okay, that's having a little bit of trouble with the playback, but you'll see that this has become extended, and that just means that it's going to be in slow motion. So, I'm just going to bring that in to save my poor laptop's CPU. So, we'll just have a little bit of a shorter clip there, but that's all right. So, that is the speed panel. That's how we can change the length of our clips to get things exactly the length that we want. And now, let's go back to creating our title page. So, we have our nice background image of this bee. , so we want to start adding a graphic. We want to introduce people to this video and tell them what actually they're watching so that people know, okay, this video is going to be about bees and honey in my case. In your case, it's going to be about your wonderful science pictures and your talking points. U but for this video and just for the sake of demonstration, our video is going to be about bees and honey. So, what we can do is start adding some graphics to introduce our video. So, we can come over to this top button up here. And this is the graphics tab. It's going to take a little bit to load, but it'll get there eventually. There we go. And we have this button here that says add a graphic. So, we can click on that, and that's going to open up this panel over on the right hand side. And we'll be able to see that we have all these nice transitions, we have titles, and we have some overlays. , so that's the really nice thing about Rush that I find is that you don't have to be an animator, you don't have to be a graphic designer. , it's got all of these really nice preset templates that you can use to add with your video. , but it's nice because you can also edit them to make them work for you. So, I'll show you how we can do that. I'm going to go into titles and I'm going to search for, let's say, yellow. , we're looking at honey here, so we'll h go with something yellow to fit the theme. , I think this one looks all right. We've got this sort of brushstroke title. So, I'm just going to select that and I'm going to click add. And of course, you can choose whichever title you like, whichever one fits your video. , I encourage you to, you know, have a play and have a look around and see which ones you like. So, I'm just going to close this up for now so we can actually have a bit more of a view of what we're looking at. And we can see that as we're playing this, it's going to sort of swipe across and then it'll stay on the screen for a minute and then it will swipe backwards at the end. , and I'm sorry if it's a little bit jittery with the playback there, but I hope that you can sort of understand what it's looking like. , what we have here is that this clip is , a little bit sort of forward. So, we're just going to grab this and we're going to move it back. And you might notice that it's not on the same timeline as the rest of my clips. It's actually above it. So, if we just open up control tracks again, that's this button down here. We'll see that we now have two separate timelines. So, this one down here has all of my clips and videos on, and this one up here now has the title. If I were to move this underneath, , we wouldn't be able to, , see the title because we would have things over the top. So, if I was to, for example, grab this and put that on top, , it's going to hide everything that's underneath. And that might be a little bit tricky to see, but, , in this little preview here, we can see that because this is on top, it's hiding everything that's under. So, I'm just going to undo that. , and I might just delete this clip so that we have a little bit more space here. , so we have our title. We've got our nice little title page, but it doesn't say what we want it to say. , currently this is talking about a vlog channel , which is not what our video is about. So, we can jump back into the , graphics tab over here. And because I have this clip selected, we can see that I have all of the different elements here that are included in this in this preset. So, we've got this text that says your blog channel. So, I want to change that. I'm just going to select it and hit backspace. And then I'll be able to type my own title in. So, we're going to call this Honey. There we go. I can change the font. So maybe this sort of marker font isn't quite what I'm looking for. , let's go with this one instead. So then we can see that we're already starting to make this look a little bit more how we want it to. I'm not a super big fan of this purple color here. So I might change that to just a sort of simple black. So we have this text color here. And we can see that it's set to this purple. We can just click on this and it's going to open up a new window. , and we can just drag that over to black or to whatever color you like. And we'll hit okay. And then that will update for us as well. So, that already looks a