All right. Hello everyone. Thank you so much for being here. My name's Julia. , and I'm going to be running you through how to use Adobe Rush today. , so if you've never used an Adobe program before, if you've never edited a video before, don't worry, you're in the right place. , we're going to run through everything you need to know to get started. , I'm also here with Beta today who is going to be talking about the Adobe Innovation Grant and she's going to be , explaining all about the design for change competition. So before we jump in, I'd like to make an acknowledgement of country. We respectfully acknowledge the Warjury people of the Coolin Nation who are the traditional owners on the land on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east. And we pay our respect to their elders past, present, and emerging. We also acknowledge and pay respect to traditional owners of lands all across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures, and heritage. And we acknowledge that sovereignty was never seated. Okay, so you might already be aware that Swimburn is Australia's very first Adobe Creative Campus, which means that as a Swimburn student or staff member, you get access to the entire Adobe Creative Cloud entirely for free. So all you have to do is log in with your Swimburn email and your Swimburn password and then you'll be able to access the whole Creative Cloud. So before we get started, if you can make sure that you have the Adobe Rush program installed, there's a desktop version and there's also a version for a tablet or for a phone. So you can use whichever one makes the most sense to you. They all have the same features. So just whatever device you've got on hand, you'll be able to use today. We run workshops all throughout the year just like this one. We've got one-on-one tutorials available if you need some extra support and we have a whole bunch of resources which I'll send out as well after this session. So if you if you want some more support after this workshop, please do feel free to get in touch. Today we're going to be covering as I mentioned the intro to Adobe Rush. We're going to look at how we can import our videos and our images to start editing. We'll look at how we can add titles, transitions, put some voiceovers in some music, and then finally how we can share our work with the world. So before we start, please do make sure that you've got Rush installed and that you're signed in with your student ID. , there's some workshop assets that I'm going to be using today. So, if you'd like to follow along, , I'll pop the link to those in the chat or you can just head to that link up there, the Bitly link. , and they'll be the exact same ones that I'm using today, so you can follow along with me. , if you've got any questions, , just, , pop that in the chat and we'll have a look and see what we can do. And if you can, please do follow along with us today. , I promise that you'll learn a lot more by, , working along with me today rather than listening to me talk at you for an hour. So please do if you can follow along and remember to have some fun. So I will pass over to Vita now and then we will jump into it. >> Thank you so much Julia. So I guess I would like to also acknowledge to the traditional owner of the lands where we can see some of the Malaysian students from Saraveex and our colleague Irene is here. So we pay our respects and we acknowledge the traditional owner of the lands that they are actually using to meet us today. So I guess with this introduction that Julia provided, I just want to touch base on what is the opportunity for you if you are doing this for your you know this is something that you would like to learn regardless of any assessment in the units. You might think that in future you might need to create an inspiring video to participate in the conferences we all are experienc. So there are a lot of application why you are spending this one hour today and I hope that is you find it useful. But one of the opportunity for you is I know that you in the science degree any of the and this is open to all the swim students here in Australia and Malaysia that they can compete by creating 4minut video on their STEM idea with the social impact. So we are going ahead with the workshop which is the Adobe rush for you as an option to use for recording your video. We also this is aligned with the start talking 2022 which is a STEM public speaking competition at Swimburn. Again it's open to all the students. So this is workshop two where you are going to have a storytelling video by Adobe Rush. And this is a video that I would like to show you to remember. Maybe you watch this video, but it's about 1 minute to remind you about the outline of the start talking competition. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. All right. So with this I come up with to the end of the slides which is an overview of what we have done. So we are in we have done the workshop one. So this is the workshop two which is going to be presented by Julia and then you need to submit the outline of your talking point. So your STEM idea with the social impact during week seven and eight so I guess anytime during that those weeks it's okay because the if you need more help from the Adobe coaches that is going to be offered during week nine and then this is according to our schedule in Australia for Malaysian students please be in contact with myself and Irene. And the live showcase is on 13th of October at 4:30 p. M. So you the winners are going to receive 400 bucks if they this is a judges choice and also we have a people's choice with 100 bucks. So you only need to submit a 4m minute video of your STEM idea with the social impact by Monday 10th of October. Okay. So I think that is about what I wanted to share and I pass to Julia to take us through the Adobe Rush. Thank you Julia. >> No worries. Thanks so much for that VA. Okay. So if everyone can please open up Adobe Rush. I hope you've all managed to log in. All right. , if not, let me know and I'll be able to walk you through that. So, once you first open up Brush, this is what you'll see. , if you've never used it before, you won't have any , recent projects. , I've used this program a couple of times, so I will have some projects here, which you can see. , but if you've never used it before, these won't be there. So, what we're going to do is just head over and create a new project to start from. So, it's this blue button over here on the left. , and then once we click on that, , we'll see this screen where we can navigate through our files and choose the ones that we want to import. So, you'll be able to see over here that I've got my desktop, my documents, , all kinds of files over here. , and I've also got this ,