# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Storytelling with Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

like that. , it's all free to use and it's all pre-licicensed. So, you can use whichever one you like. , it makes it easy to search as well. So, I am just going to search for happy for example. , we'll do a sort of simple happy music. Let's try this one. We can use W to play it. Yeah, I think that's okay. I hope you could hear that. If not, that's that's okay. You'll you'll be able to play them on your own devices and have a listen and see which one you like. So, the same as we did before, we're just going to select the one that we want and we're going to use the add button to bring it in. There we go. That one has worked. So now we can see that it's brought it in on our track down here. I'm just going to grab it and move it right to the start. So that we're going to have the music playing from the very beginning. We go. I'll close up this panel now. And so now we can start using some of the audio options to start changing things around if we like. So, we have this little button over here, which is the sound tab. We can open that one up. And we now have a whole bunch of options here. We can change the volume of the clip by using this slider. We can make it really loud or really quiet. , that one's handy. If you've brought in like a voice over or something, , and it's, you know, maybe a bit too quiet, it didn't record quite right, you can just bump up the volume, , and sort of balance things out. We can mute a clip. So, if you know, you want to try it without the music, if you bring in a different u music, you can put it on a layer below and just mute the one above and you can try different things that way. We also have in the advanced options some different types of options here. So, we've got this one set to being music because we imported it from Russia's library. It's already said, "Yep, we know what this is. We know this is music. " but for example, we could set this to be a voice track. So, I'm sorry that I can't show you because my audio didn't record properly, but if we had our voice over brought in, we could set that to be a voice track and then we could turn on this autoduck feature in the music tab. So, what that will do if we switch that on, whenever there was a track above it that is identified as a voice track, so you just set the type to voice, it's going to automatically turn the volume of the music down while there's speaking happening. , so that's really handy because it means that you don't have to, you know, split the clip into pieces and change the volume manually. It's going to automatically say, "Okay, I can tell that someone's speaking here. " We're just going to bring down the volume of the music so that we can hear everything properly. And you can use this slider down here to change the amount that it's going to reduce by. So you could make it turn off completely or just make it really quiet. , and that's the that's the auto duck feature, which I find really handy. The other thing that we can do with the music tab is we can see this clip here with the beekeepers sort of in a field. This one already has some sound brought in. So if you had maybe filmed a video of something going on in the world and it had a soundtrack automatically you know maybe someone was speaking in this video it's going to import that sound with it. If we don't want that sound, we want to just have that clip be completely quiet, we can select it and use the mute button here. And then that's just going to say that we don't want that sound. We just want whatever we've brought in on the soundtracks below. Yeah. So those are the kind of basic tools that we can use to get our videos up and running. , we have a little bit extra time, so I'll just briefly run through some of the slightly more advanced options as well. , we have the effects tab up here. So, this one with a little sort of lightning bolt on. , and what this one can do is add some transitions in between and we can do some, you know, pan and zoom and refframes as well. , the transitions I find are really nice to just sort of bring a bit more interest to your video. , I will just say be cautious with how many you use. In general, we don't want to use a million different types of transitions because it can start to get a bit overwhelming and it can look a little bit, you know, ' 90s PowerPointy if we've got, you know, dissolves and zooms and pans and everything going on all at once. So, I would say maybe just pick one or two and stick with those throughout your video. So, let's maybe try a let's try a dissolve, I think. So, we can select our clip that we want to add a transition to. Then, we can choose the one we like. And it might be a little tricky to see, so I'll just zoom in quickly. We now have this little gray transition button here. , and we can click on this and we can edit it as well. So, we can change the duration through the slider up here, or we can just stretch it out in the same way as before. And then in the playback, we'll be able to see that we have this now sort of dissolve and this fade in between the two clips. So yeah, that's how we can add transitions to our videos. The last thing that I'm going to show you, which is another slightly more advanced option, is the color grading and filters tab. So that is this one here, which has the three little circles. If we open this up, we have a whole bunch of built-in presets. , this is the same thing as with the transitions. In general, we want to maybe stick to just one, maybe two. , otherwise it can, , start to look a little bit chaotic. , but if you've got a video that's maybe a little bit, you know, dark, we can, you know, bring up the, , the color and we can, , make it look a little bit more interesting. , so we can use the presets if you like. , you can change the intensity of them. , and you'll see that as I'm changing this slide, it's sort of bringing the presets up and down. , if you didn't want to use a preset and you just wanted to, , create your own sort of color effects, we can go to the edit tab here and then we have heaps of options. , I'm not going to go through all of these. , I encourage you to have a play in your own time if you're interested in this sort of thing. But in general we can you know make something brighter or darker with the exposure. We can change the contrast to make the dark parts darker and the light parts lighter. And we have some you know tint options and temperature options as well. So yeah have a play with those if you like if you're interested. There's heaps of options there. Yeah and if you need any help with that please feel free to book a session and we'll be able to walk you through all those options as well. , does anyone have any questions on any editing? , anything that we've covered so far before we go ahead and export this video? >> Julia, there is a question from Irene. >> Is there any specific format of video, audio, me, image files that could be used? I see the videos in the asset list are all in MP4 and image in GPEG. >> That's a great question, Irene. Thank you. , most formats will be fine. So, I've got, you know, my images are all JPEGs, but you could have a PNG or an SVG and that will work fine. , same thing with the videos. , in general, if you're recording your own videos, they'll automatically be in an MP4 format. , I think most, you know, most phones will sort of record in that format automatically. , but yeah, you can definitely bring in different file