this look a little bit more how we want it to. I'm not a super big fan of this purple color here. So I might change that to just a sort of simple black. So we have this text color here. And we can see that it's set to this purple. We can just click on this and it's going to open up a new window. , and we can just drag that over to black or to whatever color you like. And we'll hit okay. And then that will update for us as well. So, that already looks a bit nicer, I think. , we don't have that sort of purple that's contrasting really heavily. , the last thing I'm going to do with the text is just delete this second line. , I don't really need a tagline for this video. Oops, I didn't mean to move that across. , I don't need a tagline for this video. , so I'm just going to go right ahead and delete that. , and you'll be able to bring that back because that layer is still there in the graphics tab. , but for now I'm just going to leave that empty because I don't need that one for now. So now that we have our title sort of looking how we want, , it's sort of this nice sort of brush stroke that's going to come across and then disappear. , but it's kind of blending in with this flower in the background here. It's making it a little bit sort of hard to see where the brush stroke ends and where the flower begins. So to contrast with that, we might go into our brush stroke under the shape here and we can add a shadow. So that's the nice thing about the brush presets is that you can always change things as you like. We could change the color of this. We could give it an outline. There's a few options here, but I'm just going to turn on this little shadow option. And then we can change the opacity. So maybe we can make it a bit darker. , and we can change the blur as well. So that's just going to make it a little bit more or less blurry depending on which way you slide that slider. And we can already see that's made a big difference. Now we have a bit more contrast between the title and the backdrop there. So we can sort of see a bit better what we're looking at. The last thing that I'm going to do with this title here is just make sure that it's the same length as the photo of the bee underneath. So, we can see, and what I'll do is down here in this little this little bar at the bottom, we have this gray line with some circles on the end. We can use this to zoom in and out of our clip. So, if I'm shrinking this line, I'm zooming in. And if I'm stretching this line, I'm zooming out. , so zooming in can be handy if you want to do some more detailed editing. , and zooming out can be handy if you want to just get a big overview of your entire video as a whole. So, for now, I'm just going to zoom in. There we go. And now I can hover my mouse over the end of this bee's graphic. And I'm just going to drag that in. And you'll see that it's snapping to the point where the video underneath it ends. So I can drag it out and then I can drag it back and it's going to snap to the end of the clip underneath. Which is really handy. You don't need to worry about, you know, getting exact frame counts right. It just does it automatically for you, which is nice. And of course, we can make it shorter as well if we wanted to. We don't have to have it exactly on the end, but it will do that nice little snap to make sure that if that is what you want, you can get it exactly the same length. So, we had a very brief look at these tools over here before. Let's go into those in a bit more detail. So, I have this clip here, and it's quite a long one. We can see that it's quite a long clip. What I might like to do is just cut out a certain section of it. So maybe I just want from this point to say about here. What we can do is either grab the ends and drag them in. Or we can use the scissors tool. So what this is going to do is split the clip at the point that we've set. So we've got our little play head here and I'm going to say that I want to start my clip here. I can just click on this scissors tool or I can use the keyboard shortcut S. And that's going to separate the clips into two. So, you'll see that as I'm clicking on each one, they're now two separate pieces. So, what that means is that if I wanted to, I could drag this piece around, , I could, you know, put it at a different spot. So, that can be handy if you want to, you know, cut away to a different video in between. Or if I don't want this part anymore, I can just use the little bin icon down here and delete it. Or you can use the delete button on your keyboard. The duplicate clips tab is pretty self-explanatory. , I'm sure you'll be able to guess what this one does. , but if we want to, we can, , hit this button and it's just going to create an exact copy of the clip. , so that can be handy if, , you're not sure what the edit you want is. , you can make an extra copy of that clip. , and then you can do your edit on one and know that you've still got the other one there. , you don't have to do that because we can always go back and reimport things into , your Rush file if you like. , but that is an option there if you just want to have an extra version. , yeah. So, those are the scissors duplicate and delete tools over there. And that's how we can start doing some simple chopping and changing of our clips. The next thing that we're going to look at is how we can have multiple videos playing at the same time. So, this can be really helpful if you have maybe a diagram or you've got a demonstration of, you know, a product or something and you want to have a video of you maybe giving an explanation of it playing at the same time. So, the way that we can do this is by grabbing our second clip and we're going to say that we want this one to be over the top of the one on the bottom. We can drag that up onto the layer above. So, now it's on the same layer that our title graphic is on. So, we had a look before at how because this is on top, it's going to cover everything that's underneath. So, what we can do to make them show at the same time is just resize this and make it a bit smaller. So, we're going to come to this bottom button here over on the right hand side. And this is the crop and rotate tab. So, we're going to open this one up. And we have all these options that we can use to change the position and the size of our video. So down here we have some crop tools. So I can start cropping in this video. And you can see that it's going to have this sort of split screen effect. So we can do the top, we can do the bottom, and we can do the sides. , that's helpful in some situations, but in other situations, we might want to just make the whole video scale down instead of cropping. So, to do that, we're going to use the scale tools down here. So, we can change the width and the height. And because I have this maintain proportions button checked on, , it's going to scale it all at the same time. If I turn this off, we can then change them separately. , and as I'm doing that, we can see that it's kind of stretching out this video. , and we can sort of squish it in as well. So, in general, , use that with caution. Most of the time, you're not going to want