# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Storytelling with Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

the videos in the asset list are all in MP4 and image in GPEG. >> That's a great question, Irene. Thank you. , most formats will be fine. So, I've got, you know, my images are all JPEGs, but you could have a PNG or an SVG and that will work fine. , same thing with the videos. , in general, if you're recording your own videos, they'll automatically be in an MP4 format. , I think most, you know, most phones will sort of record in that format automatically. , but yeah, you can definitely bring in different file formats if you need to. , yeah, thank you. That's a great question. , all right, I will quickly run through. We've got another 10 minutes, so I'll show you how we can how we can export. , currently we've been using our edit tab. What we'll do now is head over here to the share tab. It looks a little bit different. So, we now have our options for how we actually want to save this video. So, we can give it a name. That's always important to do so we know what we're actually looking at once we've exported this into our folders. So, I'm just going to call this and I can use the save to option to just set wherever I want it to go. So, I'll just put it in this folder there. And then that's going to save it there. , if we open up the advanced settings dropdown, we have different options here. In general, , we're not going to need 4K ultra HD resolution, especially if you're going to be uploading this to Canvas or to the internet somewhere. , generally we'll bring it to 1080p is normally okay. , 720 if you need a smaller file size. , but yeah, having, you know, Ultra HD is going to make your files really big. And maybe if you, you know, if you need this to be super professional looking, that's what you need. Or if you, you know, you want to play this on a big screen, , then definitely go with that one. , but in general, if this is just to be shown online, , 1080p is going to be totally fine. , leave the frame rate at, , the automatic setting. You won't need to change that one, and you won't need to change the audio channels for the most part. The other option that we might want to have a look at is the quality. So high quality is obviously going to make it look a bit nicer, but it is going to make the file size bigger as well. So if you're finding that the file is taking a long time to upload or it's, you know, a really massive size file, you can bring the quality down to medium or low. And you'll lose a little bit of, you know, of the look of it, but it in general is going to be totally fine for showing on the web. , if you want, you can upload this directly to your Facebook by turning on this slider. You can, you know, set it directly to YouTube. , I've never used these. I don't know anyone who does, but those options are there if you want them. In general, I just save them to my computer and then you can upload them manually wherever you like. But if you wanted to directly upload them, , the options are there if you like. Once we have all of our settings there, we can then hit the export button. So, we can click on that and then it's going to render it out and make the files. So, I'm just going to cancel that because we don't need to let that sit for the entire time there. But yeah, that is Adobe Rush. Thank you so much for spending an hour of your time with me and learning today. If there's any more questions, please do let me know. , it's a really nice program because it's got a lot of features, but it's also pretty easy to learn. So, yeah, I hope that you've learned something today and yeah, if you've got any questions, please do feel free to get in touch. >> Thank you so much, Julia. So I guess I just want to remind the students that they're going to receive an email with the survey link and with the additional information about any tutorial useful tutorial about Adobe Rush along with the recording of this video. And again if you are interested if this is something that you're doing for your assessment so well done so you can improve your assessment but if this is something that you do for assessment you can always come up with an entry to the competition. So if you are looking for the your STEM idea with the social impact to be the entry to start talking 2022 so you need to just share your video the 4m minute video by 10th of October 2022 to my email. So for Sarak students you can communicate with Irene or myself directly. So there would be some this is in according to our trade like us our schedule our teaching schedule that is in the showcase it is in week 10. So we want the students to be ready about around week seven and eight with the talking point. You can receive the feedback and any additional you know training with our amazing Adobe coaches can be available during week nine when you already practice and you create your video. Please do not miss these opportunities. You never know. So you might be you might be requested to create your video for a conference presentation in future. It's not just about assessment. It's not about start talking. It's about us to actually you know professionally improve our skills. Thank you so much Julia. So I hope everyone you know learn something about this and you are welcome to watch the recording and practice at the same time. Thank you. Thank you so much everyone.