# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Storytelling with Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

cropping. So, to do that, we're going to use the scale tools down here. So, we can change the width and the height. And because I have this maintain proportions button checked on, , it's going to scale it all at the same time. If I turn this off, we can then change them separately. , and as I'm doing that, we can see that it's kind of stretching out this video. , and we can sort of squish it in as well. So, in general, , use that with caution. Most of the time, you're not going to want to, , change things in that way. We want to keep the proportions maintained just because you know you'll start to get that sort of weird distortion effect. So for the most part we want to just keep maintain proportions on and then we can just make that whatever size that we like. So once we're happy with the size of it we can see that it's not quite in the right position. It's sort of mbang in the middle which might not be what we like if we're trying to demonstrate something underneath. So, we can come up to the top and use the position tools to change that around. So, we can start using these sliders to push it to whichever side we want. And maybe I just want this in the bottom left corner. So, we'll just position that as we like. There we go. That'll do. And so we can imagine that if this was a video of me talking and then this one here was an infographic or a diagram or something, we could have those both playing at the same time with an explanation. The other thing that we can do with this panel here is use some reflection tools. So we can do a horizontal flip. So sometimes that one's nice if you're not used to videoing yourself and it doesn't sort of look right if you maybe flip it the other way. It can be a little bit more what your brain recognizes. That's sort of, you know, the mirror reflection that you'll see more often. So, you can use those ones if you like. We also have a vertical flip which is going to do the same thing but upside down. I've never used that one, but maybe you'll need it. It's there if you want it. So, that's just in the transform tab. Yeah, so those are the options that we have there for having multiple videos. , we can have as many videos as we want playing at the same time. So, we could put, you know, another one up on this layer, , and move it over into the other corner. We could have, you know, a split screen with four different videos, one in each corner. , it's really up to you how many, , how many you want to have on the screen at once. , just, you know, use a bit of caution. We don't want to overwhelm people's eyes when they're watching our video and have a million things playing at once. , that can start to get a bit overwhelming. So just keep it to I would say a maximum of four videos at a time. But yeah, that's how you can add multiple videos at the same time. Okay, any questions so far or are we all keeping up? All right, and please don't be afraid to ask questions. If there's something that I haven't covered or that I've rushed over too quickly, please do let me know and I'll be more than happy to cover it again. Julia, I just wanted to make a comment here that was very good property of Adobe Rush where students wants to because we're talking about public speaking and we want students to show their you know capability of talking their body language and also they presenting some technology or device or some graph or something. So that would be very you know a great properties of the Adobe rush which can combine this and visualize it for the purpose of inspiring and engaging with the audience. Thank you for sharing with us. >> No worries. A pleasure. Yeah, that's that's one of the most useful features I find is being able to have multiple things showing at once. So yeah, and this is being recorded as well, so if you're if I've gone too quickly, you'll be able to watch it back and go through it again as well. So don't worry. We have plenty of tutorials as well. So yeah, that's how we can add multiple videos. So let's move on to adding some sound. Once we have our video all edited how we want, let's say that this is how we want our video to look. We've got our sequence in order. We've got our titles and everything set up. Now we want to start adding some voice over maybe. So we're going to come back over here to the add media panel. It's just this blue button, , blue plus button over on the left, and we can go down to the voice over section. So, I'm going to click on that one, and it's going to open up my audio panels down the bottom. So, these work in the same way as the video timelines up above, except they're used for sound instead. So, we have this red little button here, and that's going to let me record some voice over. You can absolutely record your voice over in a different program if you like. So maybe you want to record it on your phone and then just import them in. That's totally fine. And you know, you can absolutely do that and you can import that the same way as we imported the videos before. But if you want, you can record directly into Rash and edit it here. So I'm going to show you how to do that now. We can click on this little button and it'll give us a countdown and then we can start recording. Bees are a vital part of a healthy ecosystem. There we go. Just a little voice over. I'm sure yours will be much more in-depth than mine was. , to stop recording, I just click that little button again. , and then that will hopefully load in just a moment. Otherwise, we can record it again. Okay, let's maybe try that again. Bees are a vital part of a healthy ecosystem. Okay. Well, I'm not sure why that's not loading in at the moment. My apologies. I'm not sure what's going on there. I think my poor laptop is just having a bit of trouble today. But that is how you would bring in your voiceovers if you wanted. You can then use the sound editing tools which I'll show you in just a sec. But in general you would record your voice over. It would appear in the same way as the clips do here. And then you'll be able to you know drag the ends to change if you've got you know a click or something at the end. If you did a bad take in the middle you can use the scissors tool to just cut that part out. Yeah I'm sorry that I can't show you that. I'm not sure why that didn't quite work. I think it's just my laptop struggling. , but what I will show you next is how you can import some music, for example. , so this can just make your video feel a little bit more lively. , and it can give a different mood depending on the kind of music that you choose. So, we'll head back up to the add media panel and we'll go to the audio section. So, now we have a similar kind of popup to the graphics section that we had before except this time we have some soundtracks. We've got sound effects. , we've got looping music if you've got a sort of longer video as well. , and the really nice thing about Rush is that all of this is free to use. So, you don't have to worry about crediting. You don't have to, you know, do your bibliographies and everything like that. , it's all free to use and it's all pre-licicensed. So, you can use whichever one you like. , it makes it easy to search as well. So, I am just going to search for happy for example. , we'll do a sort of simple happy music. Let's try this one. We can use W to play it. Yeah, I think that's okay. I hope you could hear that. If not, that's that's okay. You'll you'll be able to play them on your own devices and have a listen and see which one you like. So, the same