# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Storytelling with Adobe Rush (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

can see. , but if you've never used it before, these won't be there. So, what we're going to do is just head over and create a new project to start from. So, it's this blue button over here on the left. , and then once we click on that, , we'll see this screen where we can navigate through our files and choose the ones that we want to import. So, you'll be able to see over here that I've got my desktop, my documents, , all kinds of files over here. , and I've also got this , favorites option down here. So, I've already set this folder to be my favorites. , and to do that, we just click this little star up here, and then that will make sure that it's stuck down here in these , this section. So, I have all my assets here. , now we need to ask Rush to bring those in for us. So, to do that, we're just going to go through and click on each one. And you'll see that as I'm clicking on them, , we're having these numbers appear. So, we're going to get a blue highlight to show that it's selected. , and the numbers here are the order that they're going to import. Don't worry too much about this. , if you're not sure what order you want your cuts in, , if you're not, you know, if you're not got anything set in stone just yet, don't worry. We could always change it later. , but this can be helpful if you know, okay, I really want this one to be my first clip in this sequence, or, you know, I really want this one to be at the end. , but if you don't, don't worry. , we'll I'll show you how you can rearrange things in just a moment. So, you'll notice that I haven't selected this last clip here. , I'm going to show you how we can import this one once we're actually in the program. So, we've got these first five selected and we can come down to the bottom here and click create. >> And Julia, because you already have this video in the program when you open it for students that they are going to create this 4 minute video when they create the video, so they need to import in the Adobe Rush. >> Yes. So, you'll be able to upload your videos to your computer. So, if you've got videos you've recorded on a phone or you know with your computer's webcam, just save those anywhere on your computer and then you'll be able to find those in the navigation screen and import those in. So, this is Adobe Rush. Welcome. If you've never used this before and you're thinking, "Oh my gosh, there's so many buttons. " Don't worry, I'm going to explain them all and I promise that it's a lot more simple than it looks. So, what we have the main thing here is our playback video. So, if you've ever, you know, watched a YouTube video and you've, you know, sort of scrolled through, , that's exactly the same as here. We'll be able to see where we're looking, , in the video. Down here, we have our timeline. So, we can see that we have all of our different clips imported. , and by clicking on each of those in turn, I can select them. , and as I'm clicking, this blue line here is going to follow along with where I'm clicking to. , and that's just going to correlate to what we're seeing up in this menu view over here. So, we can also use this to scroll through. And that's just like a YouTube video. If you've , you know, scrubbed through a video, then this is exactly the same thing. , we have these buttons here, which we can use to , play back our video. So, this one here, I'm sure you're all familiar with, we can play and pause. , this one is going to go backwards one frame, and this one is going to go forwards one frame. , so if you're doing any really detailed editing, we can use those to get to the exact frame count that we need. , and this one here and this one here are going to go to the ends and the beginnings of each new clip. We can use that to move in between our clips. We can change our the aspect ratio of our video. So that just means the size and the proportions. , in general, we want to stick with 16 by9. But if you were making a video for a phone, for example, we could change that to 9 by6. , or you know, if we needed a square video. , and this is going to take a little bit to load. , we can use a one:1 for a square video. , I'm going to keep mine on 16 by9 because that's kind of standard video format that you're going to see on, you know, your computer screens. , but obviously you can change that to whatever you need. So over here we have some of our editing tools. I will run through all of these in much more detail later on. But the thing that I want to demonstrate now is that if you hover your mouse over each button, you'll be able to see a little preview of what that tool actually does. So if you ever get lost and you're thinking, "Oh, I can't remember what this button does or what this menu is. " just hover your mouse and you'll get a little popup with some information about it. Down here we have some more editing options. The most important one is this one down here which says control tracks. So this is going to give us access to our layers. So we'll be able to put videos on top of each other which is handy if you want to show two videos at once. And this also gives us access to our audio track. So I'm just going to turn that off for now so that we can have a bit more of a view of what we're seeing up here. , but this button down there is how you can turn that on and off. , we have the audio tabs here as well. , and we also have some, , scissors tools, duplicate tools, and rubbish tools. , and I'll run through all of those in just a moment as well. So, I mentioned earlier that I was going to show you how to import your , your videos once you're actually in the program. So, let's run through that quickly. Now up here we have this blue plus button that says add a media. So we're going to click on that one and we'll have this little popup. And so we have four options of the kind of media that we can add. To bring in a new photo or video, we're going to go to your media. And then that's just going to bring up the last folder that we were in. We can go back and look through our you know our computer system again. , but I'm just going to head back down to my favorites and I'm going to bring in this last one here that we didn't import before. , so I'll just select it and then I will go to the add button down here. There we go. Now that one has been brought in. All right. So, now that we have all of our clips in, , we're going to imagine that these are all of the videos that we want for our , project. And now we can actually jump in and start editing them. So, the first thing that we might want to do is start rearranging things. So, I have at the end here this photo of a bee. So, maybe I want this to be my title screen. So, once people start watching this video, I want them to see this photo. And we can put a title on it. Maybe right now is at the very end. So, we want to bring it right to the start. So, I'm just going to click on it to select it. And we can tell that it's selected because we have this little orange border around it. And then I'm just going to click and drag and I'm going to move it right to the beginning. And you'll see that as I'm moving things around, it's going to sort of snap to in between. So I can't put it in the middle of a clip. But we can put it at the ends or the beginnings. And it's just going to sort