like flower and then they use flower to make up the word. >> Oh, I see. Yeah, I understand what you mean. Yeah. For something like that I think you can use generate image as well. So you just need to make sure that you say a oh I can type now a text saying the word flower made of flowers. See what it comes up with that. But that's that's how I would generate something like that. The example you gave for example. Let's see what it comes up with. Yeah. See, so it generates a flower image made of flowers and there's multiple different options down here that you can gener that it's generated. So kind of like this one's kind of nice. Yeah. So these will all come with a background. You don't like the background, we can click on it. , and remove background. And let's see how good of a job it does with that. Look at that. Amazing. Now you've got flowers. Flower word made out of flowers. Yep. , yeah, the generate image is quite accurate with what you want. You just need to make sure that you correctly say exactly what you need. So yeah. So just to recap what you cover it's I can see in that toolbar we have a option with the photos that now you're showing then we have a videos and then we have a audio and then in the you know the features that we have except the text and media which you show us >> you also use of the sub add in features. So similar to the one that we use for adding a chart or creating a chart. >> Yeah. So do you mean the charts and grid or add-ons? >> Addon. Yeah. Addons. >> Yeah. Add-ons are external things that you can add on. But I really recommend the charts creator which is free. >> you can add you manually your charts as well as gradients. Gradients are good for backgrounds and the QR code one if you want to generate QR codes. , but yeah, charts and grids is literally just the charts are they're not they're not great. Like they're not you can't change them the way they are. So, I would stay away from these. They're not very good. Mhm. >> the grids, pretty obvious sort of if you have multiple images you want to show off, you can click on one of these and drag them in. Sorry, I did it twice. And it gives you kind of a template of an arrangement of images. And then if you click on one of these images, you can replace it with one of your images, for example. And then it kind of gives you that out that sort of composition already for you ready to go. So yeah. >> All right. So I think that's take us to how to upload this video. Let's say we add all these sections. Now we m it and now we have a 4m minute video and we have trimmed the audio the images we want the title the text that we want. So now we want to upload it. >> So do you do you think that will be uploading this as a YouTube video or a link? , I think we go with the MP4 file >> and then everyone knows how to add that in the YouTube. >> Cool. Cool. Yeah. So, yeah. So, to download your video as a MP4, you just navigate to the top right corner here and make sure that you select let me just download this. Make sure you have MP4 selected here. There are other options however they will not reflect the moving pictures in your in your scene. So you have just have to make sure that you're selecting MP4 the original size which is already given to you. And then you just click download and it will start compiling your video and downloading it. Now it depends on how fast your internet is. I would recommended doing this, you know, with room to spare for time because sometimes it takes a little bit as you can see. It's it's yeah, it's it's slow, but yeah, you can start a new file if you want while you're waiting or you can cancel it if you don't if you don't, you know, feel like you forgot something. , but you can also if you want to show it off to someone before you download it, you can share it with other people as well and they can kind of look at it and say like, "Yeah, that's what I'm looking for. " Or, "No, you can add this and then you can download it. " So, you don't have to go download, upload, download, upload. So, yeah, that saves you a little time. This new feature here is called the view only link which enables people to specifically only look at the video rather than be able to comment or edit which is quite cool. Yeah you just click view only cl link and then create link and it will give you a link to your video. Making sure that now this view only link also lets people see the other pages in your project. So make sure you delete any other pages that you have otherwise they can see that too. But yeah that's that's how you download an MP4 anyway. But the V look is quite handy as well. Yeah. >> Is there any way that it's come because you talk about the YouTube is there any way that can be converted to YouTube from Adobe Express? Yes. So you can pretty sure you can link your YouTube. Unless I'm wrong. No, I don't think I can link. No, you can't link the YouTube. You can link your drive and your one drive, but you can't link your YouTube. I think it's quite good. >> So let's let's just convert it to the MP4 and then from MP4 you can upload it to your YouTube channel and then share your the URL with >> just make sure Yeah. Just make sure it's either public or unlisted otherwise >> people won't be able to see it. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Sounds great. And we are sharp on time. So if there is any question we are happy to you know ask answer that question. Otherwise if you can please cat bring the evaluation QR code. >> We would love to hear how this session was you know useful for you. If you have any suggestion you can you know share your feedback with us. We would love to hear from you. And again if you have an assessment or this is you are creating this for attending into the competition start talking come up with your formula video with an inspiring you know idea of how your video showing in your video in a kind of a storytelling what is the challenge what is the problem that you're trying to dis you know talk about it provide the evidence and can come with a kind of an engaging type of a data and animation not overvoling the audience and use the right language and then that is going to be an entry to my email address and I'm going to write my email address here but you can always search for beta and I think I'm the only beta for now at so and yeah so that is going to >> yeah we are >> we are looking for the evaluation QR code that's why I keep talking so >> just getting in there I think it logged me out so I need to sign back in sorry >> yeah I'm just getting it up now >> yeah so if this is your assessment good luck with your assignment I know that my students in internship you have a assignment that you need to submit in Sunday week 12. If this is a star talking competition, you're welcome to share your video with me on Monday 28th of October. Or if this is your passion generating, I know that hadis you're making a video for students. So you're welcome to use of this and play around and if you have any cat do you know for Saraga students can they have a onetoone online consultation with Adobe coaches >> for startup students >> for Saravak students from Malaysia >> yeah so any Swinburn online and on campus students can book in drop in session so everyone's more than welcome to drop in to book sorry to book an online sessions with us. We do online and in person. Yeah. The I can drop the drop in session link in the chat. Yep, >> that would be good. And yeah, that is the end of this session. I will ask Cat to share I