# VIDEO: Workshop 3: Storytelling with Express (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

Yeah. So, hey guys. My name is Cat. I am part of the Swinburn Adobe Hub here at Hawthorne campus. We run the Adobe Hub on level three in the library with dropins 11:00 a. M. To 2:00 p. M. Tuesday to Thursdays. So today I was asked by beta to talk about storytelling using Adobe Express video where we will be covering how to use Adobe Express and you know tell a story with it. So I'm just going to acknowledge their country before we start. , we respectfully acknowledge the Ranger people of the culination who are the traditional owners of the land on which Spinburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east and pay our respect to the elders past, present, and emerging. We also acknowledge and respected the traditionals own traditional owners of lands across Australia, the elders ancestors, cultures and heritage. I'm going to pass it over to bita to talk a little bit more about the competition and then we can get into it. >> Thank you so much Kad and good afternoon to students coming from Australia and Sarowak to this training session for making the storytelling video by Adobe Express. So whether this is your assessment or whether this is you're willing to attend in our science communication start talking or whether this is you going to the conference. These days a lot of after co we had a lot of conferences and some of the awards is based on this video production. So you really want to professionally present yourself, present your idea, present your finding and to make it more sharp and short and inspiring to the points that you would like to share according to the rule bricks and the criteria of what you're going to use. So if I go with the next slide, I will explain the start talking. If you just take a and you know you use off your phone and access to this cure court that will take you to the event page at Swimburn here in Australia where we already cover workshop one and workshop two and this is workshop three which is a storytelling video production by Adobe Express. So the idea is and this is an annual event. So we are if you're interested if you're passionate about an idea it could be in any discipline. So this is open to all Swimburn students. So if you have an idea, you have a passion or you have a research that you would like to unpack that challenge and address a you know a real world challenge especially with the social impact in sustainability impact that means that you need to talk about it with considering this is going to have a broader audience. You're going to target the broader audience and you're targeting the community members public about the idea that you are going to share. So if you're interested you are going to submit your 4minut video by Monday 28th of October to my email address which I will add in the chat and you can find it in the swimburn website. And then if you are selected the finalists are going to be invited in the live showcase event which is on Thursday 31st of October at 5:00 p. M. So what is going to happen? You're coming and then you're going to present 4m minute video then that is going to be with a short Q&A the judges from here Swimburn from our industry partner and a member of community is going to be there so it's not a technical type of question it's more of the science communication and around the idea that you're going to share and then we have a judging choice price which is about 4 minute video with 400 bucks and people's choice we are going to run a cahoot you know questions during the time the judges are going to choose the judges winner and then the winner of that is going to also consider the people's choices so the audience are going to have a prize and the people choice is also going to receive a prize. So, everyone is going to be interacted. We have fun and it's going to be hopefully an informative session. So, with the next I think we talk about the evaluation at the end and I would like to pass to Cat. >> Awesome. Yeah, that sounds that sounds really cool. Yeah, so we're just going to be quickly going over the agenda to understand what we are going to be talking about. So at the end of this hopefully you should be able to su successfully navigate Adobe Express in order to make your storytelling video. Be able to I'm just going to move this be able to make be able to sorry be able to communicate your goal for visual graphics, animations, and narrative elements. So that's we're going to be covering transitions element animations and just videos in general. And how to publish your videos using three different methods. , I'm not sure what kind of export methods you're wanting beta. I don't know if you want like a link or an MP4, but we're going to be covering it most of them. So, that gives you the option to kind of choose. Yeah. So, the first step first of all is we want to log in on your creative cloud. Now that they're creative cloud, you need to make sure that you are logged in with your student ID. If you're not logged in with your student ID, you're going to run into trouble with licensing and you won't have Adobe Express available the way same way as someone with their student ID. So make sure you're using your student ID. Once you're logged in there, we can search up Adobe Express. Now, Adobe Express currently is a webbased application, which means that it autosaves for you. So, no need to worry about things like getting lost or anything. It's all saved on the web for you. So, when we click that, it'll open a browser up for us. Oh, yeah. It's opened it multiple times. I'm just going to close this. Just going to share my screen. Yep. Express. Cool. So, got that here. Now, this is your homepage. , the first thing you'll notice is there are some templates here for you and some things you can jump into. We've got social media things, videos, photos, documents. , we want to be focusing for this specific thing, we want to be focusing on video. , so we're going to look in down here. Yeah. So, these are some popular dimensions that you can select from. We're going to be going with the YouTube video because that is the most standard video resolution which is 1920x 1080p. When we click on this, it'll open a new template up for us which is blank. It's just a blank slate from the start. First thing we want to do is we rename our project at the top left here untitled with the date. We can name that storytelling video for example just like that and press enter and it should automatically save just like that. Now this is based on internet so if you don't have internet for some whatever reason you it will not sync with another device if that makes sense. So if you're on your laptop, you don't have internet, it won't be on your web browser on your computer. So you just have to make sure that you're you know lower syncing of the cloud. Yeah. Okay. So the first step we'll talk about is just some visual things. Down here at the bottom of your screen, you have what is called the timeline. Now the timeline is where you will see your footage up here as well as the audio that you will be adding. Some obvious things here is the cursor which is considered the scrubber. This scrubs over the timeline. You've got the time the length of the video which is 5 seconds just appear in the left corner here. You've got an arrow that comes up when you hover on either side of this scene, which means you can either make it shorter or longer like this by clicking down and dragging. You've got a button that says add scene, which means adding a scene. It just adds another blank scene like this. There is a plus button in between scenes. Down here. And when you click on that, it gives you the option to add a scene in between two scenes or add a transition. So, we're going to cover the transition in a second. All right. So, what we want to do first is we want to look at making an introduction scene for, you know, whatever story you want to tell. You want to make a title screen.