have a little guy running at the bottom there. That's amazing. >> Where did you find the remove background item which is listed there? >> Yeah. So you just make sure you select the image you want to remove the background from and then it should pop up on the left hand side all the way at the top left. Yep. >> Okay. >> Yep. If it for some reason doesn't show just make sure you have the image selected otherwise it won't show the right things. And if you want to have a plain, let's say white background to add your let's say your graph. >> Mhm. >> That's also a possibility. >> Well, yeah. So, if you want to if you want to now say you have this guy running and you want to add a white background to it, the best way to do that is just to use one of the elements. So elements is icons, shapes, design assets, sort of abstract backgrounds and such. So if we use the little arrow here, top left, we go over to shapes, we just add a white, you know, white box behind the graph, for example. , now, , something that I, , forgot to mention. , on the side here, I'm just going to close this. Here on the side to the right, we have a sort of, , an outline of our layers. So, these are considered layers. , so how it works is the background, whatever is all the way in the back is always at the bottom of that vertical line. Whatever is at the top is all the way at the front. So, I want this background to be behind my chart, for example. So, I'm going to move my chart by just clicking and dragging and moving it over the over the like this. Yeah. Now, it is another way to do this. You can right click on the image and send backwards or forwards. As well. So for example, this one you can send it backwards or forward. Front is ultimately the front and back is the ultimate back. Yeah, and then once you're happy with that, you're like, okay, I want this like this, but you don't want to keep moving them separately. What you can do is you click on the box or the background, shiftclick on your chart, right click and group. Or you can group up here as well. So now you can just move it around and it's one thing like that. Got a little child at the bottom. Yeah. Okay. Another thing that is really helpful with storytelling is timing. So, being able to time your elements correctly while you're having a conversation about something. So, once we once you've added the video audio, which I'll cover in a second, say you're talking about something over here and then something else over here, but you don't want your graph to come up all the way from the start because it doesn't it's not relevant to what you're talking about. So, what we can do is click your graph and actually time it with your audio. So, I'm going to just trim it from the side and move it to where we want the graph to appear. So, nothing here. And then it'll appear over here. And then you can play around with how you want the image, the graph to come in. For example, so I want it to drift in. And while I'm talking, I kind of want it to bob around a little bit so people pay attention to it. And then you can fade it back out. So it kind of look like something like this. It's pretty goofy, but yeah, it's like it's pretty it's not long enough, but you can just move it and it automatically adjusts the animation for you. There we go. Like that. And it goes back out. Nice. Yeah. All right. , next we'll quickly Yep. We'll talk about the audio. Actually, might as well jump just jump into the audio real quick. , because of because Adobe Express is quite visually advanced rather than audio advanced. It only allows you to add one track at a time. So I would suggest recording yourself if you have a recording of yourself at all talking. I would suggest uploading the video with the audio of you talking in one file. So, one MP4 file so that you can later on add audio like background audio such as, you know, like funky background music. It kind of makes it nice and relaxing to watch what you're doing or exciting to watch what you're doing, whatever you the feeling you want to go for. Yeah, because unfortunately Adobe Express does not allow multiple MP3 files in the same scene. So to add an audio, we just go at the bottom of our timeline here and click add audio. Now you have the option to choose some of the Adobe stock audios here. There's quite a lot of them as well as you can find some more online. Or you can upload from your own device as well. There's also an option to record voiceovers. I've never personally used it. I would recommend using your laptop because I'm not sure how well this does to be honest. I don't know the quality of it. There is also an option to animate characters. So if you have an MP3 file of you talking, you can actually upload the file to here as well. And they're quite cute. Or you can record straight into this as well. It's quite cool. >> >> so the question was about how for the audio can we add AI voice instead of our real voice. So this animated character is the one that is actually adding the character but it can be captured just the voice. So the how the characters work is you can either use your own voice and record straight into the into the characters using the record button down here or you can use a third party app and sort of let an AI voice speak what you've written down, download the file and then upload it and the puppet will talk it. I'm not sure what the you know if you allow AI or not to be used but that's how that's how you would do it. You would yeah you would get an AI to talk you know third party download it and then upload it to the animated character and it would >> so that AI without using the animate character y >> for the audio produced by AI that is an separate option or we need to do it separately and you know upload it here. >> Yeah. So, , Adobe Express does have add-ons options with a AI voices, but they're quite restrictive, as in they have a certain word count. So, , like I think it was 100 word 100 word count. It's not a lot. , so I would re I would recommend going online and searching up separate browser sort of third party browsers that have the ability to, you know, have 500 words plus to kind of copy paste your text into and there you can download the MP3 of the AI talking and upload it to Adobe Express in the media tab here. I think for the purpose of our assessment and for the purpose of the competition, we would like our students to actually personalize their video with their own voice. >> So whether you having the recording of your voice and then you upload it from the video. So you that can come with your face and the audio and then that can be you know once you upload your video here then as cat mentioned you can add some you know maybe we do you have any of these process cat that you would like to share with us. So I mean two video on top of each other something like >> like I'm talking and then with my background I have a for example a prototype >> doing a working that type of >> activity. Thank you. >> Yeah. So how it how it would go is you would upload your video that you want to show from your prototype for example. , for the purpose of this now, I'm just going to use a video from Adobe Express. So, I'm going to have someone kind of working in the background. So, clicking and dragging onto my scene here like this. So, I'm I have someone working, but I also want to put an image or a video of me sort of in the bottom or have an audio talking over the video. So, what we can do again is make sure we're on the right scene. So, clicking on the scene down here, media, and we're going