dragging. You've got a button that says add scene, which means adding a scene. It just adds another blank scene like this. There is a plus button in between scenes. Down here. And when you click on that, it gives you the option to add a scene in between two scenes or add a transition. So, we're going to cover the transition in a second. All right. So, what we want to do first is we want to look at making an introduction scene for, you know, whatever story you want to tell. You want to make a title screen. So, we're going to go into templates and we're going to search up title screen. Just see what comes up. Awesome. So, let's see. I'm going to pick the top right one just so it's handy. And I wanna oh actually yeah I'm gonna add it as a page so that I can copy because I don't want to maybe I don't want to use everything from this. So I'm going to add it as a page which will let me allow me to copy elements from this onto my project. Say if you now you see this little arrow that comes up. This is So this is my project and this is the template that I want to look at. So I'm just going to have a look at it and see what it looks like. Okay, it's pretty nice. Kind of like that. See, I like the loi and I like the video. So I'm going to click on loi and shiftclick on the video. Control C or command C, not depending on what software so what device you're on, MacBook or Windows. And I'm going to Ctrl B and it will add it. Oh. , really weirdly. Oh, there's a Oh, it's over here. Okay. , if you click on it, it'll add it sort of. , there we go. Yeah, there we go. So, now I've got that in my scene. , if you want to upload your own video, you can do so by clicking media and uploading from the device. , you can upload pictures, , videos and audio that way. , yeah, cool. Now, you can see there are some things that are quite cool about this. There is a fading and a sort of movement to the text here. If we look at the video there are some options here that we can have a look at. There is animations. Animations help you sort of make your presentation look more professional because it shows that you spend time you know making it aesthetically pleasing to look at rather than kind of jumpy. If that makes sense. , let's have a look. All right. So, it's currently using a fading. So, it's using in, which means in is the start of the scene. This is how it appears first when it first comes visible. , now you can select the fade and the duration of the fade is currently 1 second. Now, I want the I want the fade to be a little slower. So I'm going to put this at 0. 5. Oh, a little faster. Sorry, at 0 to five. So now it comes it becomes more it becomes solid color faster than before. Now we've also got the loop in option. The loop in option means how it looks throughout the scene while it's currently just, you know, there. We've got the blinking. You can hover over these and it kind of shows you what it would look like. , most of these are used for when you are highlighting words that are important to you. For example, numbers that are important words that mean something in the in the moment, for example, or you're trying to highlight a picture or something like that. So, we can go over that in a second. So for the background, I won't use any loop methods because the I want the background to be still. Now the background I do need it to disappear at some point. So I'm going to put a fade out which looks like that. Yeah, I'm going to put a fade out on that. Sure. Now let's have a look at the lowfi chill text. Does that have any animations on it? Yep, it's got a rise animation on it. So, if we hover over that, should show us. I'm just going to remove it and then hover over it. Yeah, there you go. It's got a rise animation. Now, these animations have a little a few more options. They've got personality, which is sort of what's considered easing in and out, which is how fast the start of the animation is and how slow it is. So energetic would be quite abrupt sort of thing whereas soft is super slow and soft. Yeah, it makes sense when you go through them. You can also change the direction of them which is quite cool. So you can sort of make several things come out different, you know, corners and areas. So see, we could put that there. And I'm just pressing control or command C. And I'm going to put this one from this side. But then this one here, I'm going to make it come out from the other side. So now it kind of looks like this. >> There is a question. What if >> Oh yeah, sorry. >> Yeah. So one was about the audio which I don't share it yet but the other one is what do we if asking if I want to add some statistical data image on the video like I want to fade the background video and add an image. >> Okay. So >> yeah >> the chat sorry I will whatever want to add some down image on the video like I want to fade that background video and add an image. Yeah sure. So let me put this on the side here so I can see it while I'm doing this. So, , if you want to add an image on top of the background, if that's what you're asking, , you can select an image by either, you know, uploading your own image that you have or you can, , or you can, for this tutorial sake, I'm going to use an image from Adobe. So, these are all free to use for , students. , I'm just going to use this one. So, I like this one. So, I'm going to just drag it onto the scene that you want the image on, and I'll add it on top. Just like that. Now, if you're talking about statistical data images, , it I think it's the same deal. It has to be a JPEG or a PNG. If you want graphs that you want to you know mess around with in Adobe Express there are add-ons that you can look at. There is one called charts creator which makes charts for you if that's if that's what you're after. Yeah. So the it makes you can set between line area bar height. It's really interesting and you can change the colors and so on and then you can just you can even import it from Google Sheets and then you can insert that chart and it works like an image pretty much. So hopefully that answered your question. >> yeah, >> thank you Cat. That was useful. >> That's so good. That's so good. Awesome. Yeah. So these text and images they're all called they're all considered elements. And all these elements you can add effects, adjustments and animations. So you have completely freedom over how you want them to look on the page. Say yeah. As well as with images. Say you have a chart and you don't want the background to show. I'm just going to insert a chart here. Oh, it's already got no background. Perfect. That's amazing. Say you have an image with a white background, but you don't want the white background. Recently Adobe Express has added a remove background option which enables you to do so. , you just kind of select the image you want the remove the background in and click remove background. It actually remove the entire background. That's quite impressive. , yeah. So now we just have a little guy running at the bottom there. That's amazing. >> Where did you find the remove background item which is listed there? >> Yeah. So you just make sure you select the image you want to remove the background from and then it should pop up on the left hand side all the way at the top left. Yep. >> Okay. >> Yep. If it for some reason doesn't show just make sure you have the image selected otherwise it won't show the right things. And if you want to have a plain, let's say white background to