on the left hand there. And yeah, you can make them bigger as opacity, the fill of it and so on. It's quite cool. Okay, just like that. So if for example the students they want to talk about three advantages of the prototype that is introduced as a design solution to their challenge then they can use of the text. So >> along the you know that dialogue so those you know text can slide into the video. So that's make it more in interactive or it could be an image representing that advantages or something like that. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So for example, I just copy paste it the same. So test one, test, you know, I'm just going to do like two for example, test three, test three. I'm just there. So, for example, I want to show test one first and then I want to show test two and then I want to show test three and then have them all together in sort of the same scene. So, test three, I'm going to select it and I'm going to make sure that it's not the start because I don't want it to appear until later. Test two, I'm going to make it appear like in the middle. So test one will appear and I'm going to make this yellow because so just stands out a little bit. And I'm going to make it fade in like that. So you can talk about test one and then we can talk about test two. So have that fade into just like that. And I'm pressing space bar to play, but you can also use the play button on the left like that. And then test two that you're talking about. And then test three. And you can mess around with the timing. Obviously, it's not perfect right now. , like that. And I want it to fade in. And while I'm talking about test three, I kind of want it to wiggle around a little bit. So, so talking about your first prototype, your second prototype, your third prototype. That's that's how that's that's how you kind of get someone's attention to certain things. For example, now again, you can do this with images as well as well as videos or symbols or anything that you add to your scene, you can add animations to. So yeah, that's what you were asking but I hope >> yeah I just want to just give some options of how we can make it more interactive not overwhelming the video because as about 4 minute video or whatever you're making like 2 minute video or 3 minutes if it's a educational video if it's a competition video if it's your promotional video so I think yeah so Using wisely of the features can give you some advantages to how you can communicate and engage to the audience. >> Exactly. Yeah. You don't want to add say like I added to test three. You don't want to add a wiggle to every single element in your screen. You want to make it impactful where you only want to pull the watchers the viewers's attention to certain things when you're presenting. , yeah. So, obviously don't have two videos like this going at once. It's a bit too much. But, , if you want to replace something like the background, you can just click replace and you can replace it with something else if it's too hectic. , yeah. , did you want me to talk about at all like any of the AI features or not really? Yes, let's go with it. I just want to ask at this point if there is any questions from the audience, please share in the chat. So we try to please >> because I try to come up with some questions so cat can demonstrate what are the features and options. >> But yeah. >> yeah. So I'm just thinking about a video which comes with a title which is coming with a recorded video that they can upload here. How they can add the audio, how they can you know add the m the kind of a music, how they can manage between each recorded video and adjust their time whatever is the rubric or the criteria is suggesting and yeah how we are going to do now. >> So what is the next item >> that you're going to share now is a AI thing. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I'll I'll quickly go over if you go to media and Oh, no. Sorry. Where did it move to? It moved me has moved again. Text to image. Text to image photos. Generate image. Sorry. Yeah. Under media photos, you can generate image from text. So that way you can I guess you can come up with some kind of cool prompts, but you can also support what you're talking about with images without you know spending hours trying to look for something that will help you convey your idea. So for example, if we're talking about say we're talking about clouds for example and you want to generate them at a certain daytime, you know, trying to find a cloud that is a sunset is like you can search it up, but using a generated image using Firefly is quite handy and works really good. So we can use a clouds in a sunset time. So really simple. You can choose the art style as well if you want a graphic, photo, auto or art. So that way you can make your presentation kind of feel you know more artistic in a way rather than having all realistic images. But yeah, that's that's that's all I really wanted to talk about. Just like the generative image option here. As well as some of the other techniques you can use to make them there. Yeah that's that's all I wanted to >> yeah so again just thinking about if this is an again educational video or if it's your you know you talking about the renewable energy. So you want to talk about the trends in future something that is kind of so that's how you come up with the keywords and then this can just suggest kind of artistic you know way of >> presenting that future or that lab or that you know that type of the energy for solar system or something. So yes, you can >> yeah for sure like say you don't want something artistic, you can also do realistic. And if I go solar panels solar panels, why is it let me type? Do I have to close this? >> Maybe you need to delete. Oh, it's not letting you delete. >> It's fine. I'll just make a new one. It's suggesting you're artistic. You're not. Don't go with the >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure why it's letting me type anymore. I don't I don't want to push it too much right now. But yeah, you can type in solar panels for example. You can find a style that you like. Even like say you like sketches. You want your presentation to look more like sketchy and not sketchy but like sketches and drawings. , you can actually upload an image for sketches and it uses that style and , yeah, it matches it to it. I'm not still not sure why I can't can't type on there. Well, yep, it's ever changing Adobe Express. Ever changing ever changing, but yeah. , yeah. Is there any questions that I have missed that I'm going too fast? Cuz I understand Adobe Express is very much like just try have a go at it. The more you do it, the better it'll look at the end. So I would definitely just jump straight into it, get a feel for everything and then you kind of get a hang of it. Yeah. >> you can use AI on text as well, right? Irene is asking in the chat >> on text as well. I'm not sure what that means. You can use AI on text like JBT. Is that what you're asking? Like using AI to generate text. >> they can make it more how to say artistic. Let's say some of the words that you use like flower and then they use flower to make up the word. >> Oh, I see. Yeah, I understand what you mean. Yeah. For something like that I think you can use generate image as well. So you just need to make sure that you say a oh I can type now a text saying the word flower made of flowers. See what it comes up with that. But that's that's how I would generate something like that. The example you gave for example. Let's see what it comes up with. Yeah. See, so it generates a flower image made