# VIDEO: Workshop 3: Storytelling with Express (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

your prototype for example. , for the purpose of this now, I'm just going to use a video from Adobe Express. So, I'm going to have someone kind of working in the background. So, clicking and dragging onto my scene here like this. So, I'm I have someone working, but I also want to put an image or a video of me sort of in the bottom or have an audio talking over the video. So, what we can do again is make sure we're on the right scene. So, clicking on the scene down here, media, and we're going to have I'm going to search up someone talking and then kind of That's funny. We can click and drag it on top of that and you can scale it down. Oh. Oh, I've replaced it. Oops. Okay, you can replace things. I'm going to just control Z it so it goes back to the other video. I'm just going to make sure that I'm kind of not replacing it. You just got to be quick with it. Otherwise, it replaces it automatically. Yeah, just click and drag and drop it straight away otherwise it replaces the background. So, yeah. Click and drag and you can transform it using the outside square there. And we can move that to the bottom here. So now these are going this is going on like this. I'm just going to make it a little longer. There we go. Like that. And say you have an audio of you talking over this for example. You can add that by adding audio upload from device if you have an MP3 file or you can add No. What's a nice Oh, that's weird. I'll just do this. Like that. And you can cut it down to that area like that using the little mouse, the little arrow that comes up on the side. So like this. That's actually background noise. That was kind of cool. So yeah, that's how you >> We didn't hear because I think you didn't share the audio with us. >> Oh, the Yeah, the audio is quite quiet anyway. It's quite difficult to hear. >> let me see if I can >> share a sound. Oh yeah, there we go. Sorry. It's kind of just like people talking in background. It's cool. But that's how it would sound like. , I'll see if I can find a different example. Maybe , let's get rid of this. Yeah. Birds in the park. No. Ride home. Yeah. So, I'll just show you. Oh, wait a minute. That's interesting. It's actually added multiple added multiple layers to it. >> I'm just Yeah, sorry. Yeah. >> So, I'm just asking because your case is moving very fast and I'm trying to just capture your mouse so that the layer is the audio is coming down to your screen like the where you see the video. >> Yeah, it's quite interesting. I haven't seen this I haven't seen Adobe Express do this before, but so it looks like you can actually yeah layer the audio. So, if you have two different audio files, you can actually layer them now. , it must have been quite recently added because I did a workshop last week and it wasn't working. Although I thought it would work. So, , it looks like you can add two separate audio files to your, , kind of stacked on top of each other. , so you can actually have yourself talking as an MP3 file , as well as background noise separately. So, , for example, here I've got a MP3 file that is, , I think it's like a song, , and I've got people talking on this file here. So, they're actually stacked on top of each other like that. But, say you don't I don't know if you could hear that, , but it's kind of like a guitar strum. , if you click on that and it's too loud, you can turn it down on the left hand side. So this is kind of your like editing panel on the left. And you can add a fade as well. >> a lot of times the videos submitted to me it's a good quality of video but with the audio students the music background is louder than their voice. So it's very annoying. So make sure that and if you can please repeat that how they can reduce the it's good to have a you know a music background but it shouldn't be louder than your voice. >> Yeah. Yeah. So if you feel like a rule of thumb is that kind of like would your would your grandma be able to hear you? That's like it's like a test for any sort of like video. So if you play it and you feel like you she won't be able to understand what you're talking about, then I think it's a really good idea to kind of turn the music back down. So what you want to do is you click on the audio that you want to turn down and on the left hand side there will be a volume button and you can turn it down to whatever you feel like will suffice. And it's always good to have an in andout fade. Because it just sounds nicer than abrupt stopping. So let's see. I'm just going to click on my audio down here. And I've got it I'll do 20%. And I'm going to add a fade in and out. So yeah, you can adjust it while it's playing too. So you can kind of you kind of you know like get a feel of what it would sound like. Yeah. The audio cuts off automatically when there is no scene left over. So make sure that if you want more a more of the audio, you just have to make your scene longer like that. Yeah. Yeah. What I'll do real quick is I'll go back to the transitions between scenes. It's pretty self-explanatory. When you click transitions, it'll come up with some options here and you can hover over them and it kind of shows you. We're just going to go with I think this one's quite nice. Yeah. So there. But yeah, if you do if you don't want the audio to go all the way to the next scene again, you can just click and drag it and move it to where you want it to stop and it'll stop right there like that. So it kind of fades out, which is quite nice. , same with this audio. I'm just going to turn it up a little bit so that you can hear it. And it's just people talking. Yeah. Yeah. , cool. I'm going to go over text as well real quick because text is just like images, just like videos instead of media. However, it's under text. So, you can add text or you can search for presets down at bottom here. If you click add text, it'll come up like a text box just like Word for example. And you can put your title or script or whatever you feel like you want to put in here. And you can change the fonts on the left. You can change how like bold, light, so on, just like words. Pretty straightforward. You've got text layouts, text flow. I think this has to do with sort of I think it's the how it comes out. That's not I think it's don't think I've ever used this before. This is weird. Yeah, text layout is like you know like in a circle for example or in a half circle bow and so on. It's quite neat, but I think that stuff is more used for you know like quirky stuff. Yeah, now with the text, just like any other elements, you've got your effects down here, animation, shape, which means kind of like the fill of it, as well as some cool little decorative stuff you can add like speech bubbles, little ribbons. I'm just going to put that in the middle. Little ribbons. What else? You've got arrows and such. Quite neat. Makes it look quite nice. Now to sort of adjust these, you can again press the adjustment bars on the left hand there. And yeah, you can make them bigger as opacity, the fill of it and so on. It's quite cool. Okay, just like that. So if for example the students they want to talk about three advantages of the prototype that is introduced as a design solution to their challenge then they can use of the text. So >> along the you know that dialogue so those you know text can slide into the video. So that's make it more in interactive or it could be an image representing that advantages or something like that. Yeah.