# VIDEO: The Smart Shoe 2024 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-08-29

Hi everyone, I am Putin Manitwa studying robotics and meatronics engineering at Swimburn University of Technology. During the course of this video, I will discuss a key problem in a township in the Northern Territory of Australia and how I propose we solve it. The township in question is Yuendum, a remote indigenous community located within Australia's Tanami Desert. It is home to the Walpiri people and has a population of about 700 to 800 citizens. One of the biggest, if not the biggest problem that this township face is the frequent power outages. An average of 82% of the people get disconnected from the electricity once per day. Inherently, this is going to cause major disruptions to their everyday life activities. The main aspect of those that we will focus in this presentation would be the communication aspect of the issue. With these frequent power outages, it is granted that you can't necessarily use the most advanced communication devices such as mobile phones, radios, etc. To add to this, due to the remote nature of this township, the cellular service of this township is extremely poor. The objective of this presentation is essentially to solve this discussed aspect of the issue faced by the people of the UNU and increase the living standards of these citizens. With that contextualization, I will move on to my proposition. My design idea is to make a shoe that generates electricity while you walk. The basic way this functions is by harnessing the energy us humans generate while walking. Every time we take a step, the spring-loaded hinge will be pressed in, transferring the highinetic energy to a wheel, which will then transfer the energy to a dynamo to be converted into electricity. Finally, this electricity will be stored in a rechargeable battery to be used for later use. The current implementation of this shoe is at a very prototype level. So it won't look like the most efficient piece of tech. But it but it is only here to give an idea of the fundamental way of the design and functions and further calibrations and improvements will be made. The biggest objectives that I tried to fulfill through this design idea was to make a portable power source that citizens can use to power their essential communication devices that didn't depend on the power grid because of its unreliability while harnessing energy from a clean energy source and not adapt to nature. Especially because indigenous citizens have a massive sentimental value to their environment. Diving into the technologies used in this device. The fundamental concept that this idea is based upon will be electromagnetic induction which is a fancy way of saying producing current from cutting a magnetic field by a coil. Additionally, we have technologies like battery storage to store the electricity produced by the shoe. There will be a voltage regulator to spit out a more stable power output. What this means is that it rectifies the sudden bumps in voltages that happen every time you take a step and you take your foot off. This is done by charging capacitors and discharging them when the output voltage is going down. On top of that, I intend to have a cellular modem attached to this shoe that will amplify cellular networks to improve the cellular service you will receive. Think of it as a hotspot built into your shoe. And finally, there will be health monitoring sensors built in so every user can have their vitals monitored all the time. Before concluding this presentation, I would like to give some attention to a few weaknesses this design idea currently possess. Like mentioned previously, the design idea of this shoe is currently not very userfriendly. So, it may incentivize people to not use it as much. Secondly, the lithium batteries inside the shoe will degrade over time and these shoes will have to be considered e-waste eventually. And one other huge limitation of the shoe is that it can only power electronics in a very small scale. Basically, anything that can be powered by USB. And with all that said, I would like to say that this idea does have a lot of potential and could potentially grow out of these constraints and limitations. I will make sure the design idea is further elaborated and improved to make sure the maximum benefits are taken and improve the communication quality of the people in YMU amongst the township and with the rest of the world. I am Putin Waitn and this is my design idea the smart shoe.