Do you want to shape the future of Estan? You can. You can contribute to a smart science for sustainable future and circular economy. You can make our world a safer and better place to live. You can support and inspire the education of girls and women in STEM. Please join us in the STEM prototyping startup project at Swimber. You will develop skills in communicating of the research you are passionate about an essential part of building employability. You will inform the community of the good you're doing and promote community knowledge as a powerful force. My name is Beta and I'm the convenor of science communication in the school of science and I would like to invite you all to join us in design for change competition in 2021. Thank you. >> Hi, my name is Elliot and I am a prototyping coach at the design factory Melbourne. I'd like to invite you to participate in this project to improve your communication, critical thinking, real world problem solving capability, creativity, leadership, and confidence in working in a multi-disiplinary team and more. The project will involve a STEM focused educational tool or an app or website focused on one of the IG themes of inclusion, diversity, and belonging, worldleading customer service experience, climate change, or improving the life of everyday people. Your group of three to five participants final submission due in late May will be a 4-minute pitch presentation in the format of a video supporting your design. These projects will be supported by three workshops, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe XD, and an Adobe Rush workshop which will give you the tools you need to complete the projects. Good luck and hope to see you at the workshops. For the best innovative prototype design and startup video production, the winning team will receive a cash prize of $1,000. They will also get to participate in the week in the life of a technology professional experience supported by I A. In addition, story of the winning team success will be published in the Swinburn newsletter and each team member will receive a certificate of recognition through the Swinburn emerging leader program. This can be for campus participation, community engagement or industry experience. My name is Kasna. I am the chair of the department of computer science and software engineering. I look forward to seeing your design for change. Good luck.