# VIDEO: Transforming Waste STEM Students Leading Media | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

As chair of the department of computing technologies, we envision that we are able to provide meaningful learning experiences for all the students. We do this by having work integrated learning embedded in all of our units in the best way that we can. We provide work integrated learning experiences to our students through various units within the courses. This can range from first year units wherein we have exploratory projects solving industry based problems to capstone units in their final year wherein students actually meet clients to solve industry problems. We also look into encouraging students to do internship and work on site with the industry partners that we build over time and maintain good relationships. As a science educator with a passion in multidisciplinary research project, I would like to provide an opportunity for our students to work with the industry and unpack a real world challenges and that way they can obtain the essential skills that the potential ual employers are looking also they can use of their discipline knowledge and work with the peers from different discipline to unpack the challenge work integrated learning is just vital as a part of education at Swimburn. Today we're at the Capstone Expo where students in their final year display what they've produced in their 12 month project. So as a student who studying computer science my goals with my future jobs is to apply the knowledge with the machine learnings also the IoT based stuff to the software development field. So with this project, this composing project, I've applied my knowledge with IoT based knowledge with it and also the data analyze with AWS cloud computing and I also applied the machine learning which is with the deep Q network and the reinforcement learnings into this project. As industry partner in collaboration with Swimbo University, we are creating the leader composter project. In this project, we have a student from different disciplines with a computer science students who are developing the mobile app to automize and control the leader composter machine. And then this machine is going to provide optimal conditions for microorganisms which is going to decompose all organic matter and produce compost in very short time. So this multi-disiplinary project which we collaborate also with the students from industrial design make that students can put in practice what they are learning and then they could be ready for the future with work integrated learning. We equip our students with skills to become job ready.