# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2023 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

bofuels and fertilizers sourced from their food and extremists. You might be wondering is this safe and can my pet actually eat this? Well, insects are highly nutritious and proteinpacked. In fact, they do not differ from the nutritional value of other meat sources such as chicken, beef, pork, and fish. A recent research found that black soldierfly larae can be safely incorporated into the diets of even senior dogs. Moreover, consistent feeding showed lower cholesterol levels in those dogs. Secondly, insect proteins are naturally hypoallergenic, which makes them suitable for those with sensitive skin. To top that off, insects are easily digestible. In fact, nutrients such as proteins and minerals were found to be more digestible from insects and animal proteins. Although insects are highly promising as a sustainable alternative in pet food, further research in aspects such as species quality, potential unknown allergens or hazards, and also the shelf lack of insect products is necessary. All of which still carry uncertainties and act as obstacles to achieving mainstream success in the market among the global pet owner community. All in all, sustainable alternatives should be emphasized and their potential not be overlooked. Most importantly, enough awareness and acceptance from pet owners is crucial so that they can act sustainably and make informed decisions in driving this market. I believe your pets are going to lar this. Thanks for watching. Thank you so much. Now I would like to invite a finalist Leo to turn on your video audio. And I've noticed there is there was a few seconds I think in the video that because I watched this video before and I think there was a difference of the few seconds but anyway I think that was very good. So I would like to ask the judges if they have any comment feedback or suggestion question to share. I'm just wondering with the consumer confidence piece for impact to be felt obviously we need the consumers to be buying the product. Is there research that's going on around consumer confidence in this space especially around you mentioned sort of hazards around unknown allergies and shelf life. Is there ongoing work that's looking at addressing these current issues? Yes, currently there is ongoing research but still quite less. Yeah. >> So you confirm that you have read something in the literature regarding what Nick suggested but still there need to be more a study. So because I don't have pet, I don't see this type of the product on the shelf. So I'm I'm wondering if we have this type of a product commercially available, but that would be I'm going to ask the judges if you have any question and concern, we can accept one more. , I am a pet owner, but I think to Nicholas's point as well, I'm not sure that I am sold yet on the benefits compared to I guess, you know, long-standing dry pet food. So, what would you suggest as potential steps to try and gain some consumer or customer confidence? Well, like I said, awareness and the spreading of awareness is important and also I think this can be linked to like collaborations with like governmental they can do something about it to spread the message and also veterinarians can speak out about it and they can link this to how it's also sustainable. You know because the conditions of it would improve the climate change conditions. Yeah, >> thank you >> Virginia. I've seen your hands but I don't know if you have any Yeah, we can move. All right. So considering the time again we are going to invite the third finalist who is in my list link to share your video please. Okay. Water, one of the most important natural resources on Earth, has been long polluted by microplastics. By 2050, it's estimated that 2. 5 million tons of microplastic will accumulate on the surface of the ocean. Due to the size of the microplastic that's equivalent to a grain of rice can go unnoticeable by the naked eye as humans tend to focus on larger waste such as plastic bottles and plastic bags. Hey everyone, my name is Lynn and today I'll be talking about the use of biochar in mitigating microplastic pollution. Due to the pandemic, COVID 19 waste such as disposable gloves, face masks, and syringes have been one of the causes of the increase in microplastic pollution. This is because of the single-use policy and the irresponsible disposal into the river, which then travels to the ocean. Before talking about the solution to microplastic pollution, let's take a closer look on how COVID 19 waste can turn into microplastics. The exposure of the COVID 19 waste to the UV radiation from the sun can cause the waste to disintegrate into smaller pieces over a period of time which then forms into microplastics that are small enough to be ingested by the aquatic life. Therefore, microplastics can be ingested by humans through the fishing of aquatic life as food products. The consumption of food products that contain or have been affected by microplastics can travel to the brain, to the lungs, stomach, liver, and even cause further damage to the cells in our bodies. Not only that, microplastics can also affect the livelihood of aotic plants as it blocks the surface of the plant and preventing them from carrying out photosynthesis. Now, let's dive into the solution of microplastic pollution, which is biochar. So biochar is a biiobased absorbent which is a form of charcoal that is rich in carbon and has a high porocity. So biochar can be produced through slow pyrolysis where the biomass feed stock such as crop residue animal waste wood chips that can be heated in the machine under temperatures between 500 to 800° C to produce biochar. But what if I told you that you can produce your own biochar in the backyard with just a double barrel retort. So the feed stock is placed in a smaller barrel which is then heated in a larger barrel by using wood as your fuel. The two main factors affecting the ability of biochar in mitigating microplastic pollution is the temperature and the feed stocks. So a higher temperature increases the porosity and the stability of biochar. Whereas the type of feed stock affects the porosity and the surface area of the feed stock. One of the ways to utilize the biochar produced is by using it as a layer in the water filtration system. This is because the porosity of biochar can trap the microplastic particles. One of the ideas to reduce microplastic pollution in the sea is by placing a boy like water filtration system that is powered by a solar energy. The proposal of using solar energy to power the boy like water filtration system is because the sea receives an abundant amount of sunlight throughout the day. Thank you so much, Lane. Now we are open to a short Q&A again sharing a comment or questions for Lane and Lane if you can please. Yeah. So do we have any question or concern to be shared with lean >> Virginia? >> Similar to the seaweed question. So how many biochar boys do you need to make a difference in the ocean? So I believe instead of trying to gather all the microplastic in the ocean, maybe we could start from the source such as the river or the rivers which is a smaller. So you don't need too much because these are like we are talking about microplastics that are everywhere. So I guess yeah that would be a good question. How much still that is a concern. How much do you know if we have some scale to compare that would be interesting. And I was also wondering I cut out a little bit so I might have missed something but I was also wondering that presentation included the ability to make our own at home I believe using a specific system >> and then once we've made it where would we what would we do with our own char I guess is my question. So I believe you can place it in your drainage system like in the net. >> Okay. Right. Thank you. >> That was a good question. Yeah, because we hear like how you we can make it but we didn't know how we are going to use it as a household. Yeah, that was a good question. All right, so we are going ahead. This is something with this video students they're sharing their idea. It doesn't mean that it's going to solve the problem. It's just initiate something for us to reflect something for us to start searching and of course for students to you know invest their time if this is something that you are passionate about. So you are going ahead and I do understand that you