like how you we can make it but we didn't know how we are going to use it as a household. Yeah, that was a good question. All right, so we are going ahead. This is something with this video students they're sharing their idea. It doesn't mean that it's going to solve the problem. It's just initiate something for us to reflect something for us to start searching and of course for students to you know invest their time if this is something that you are passionate about. So you are going ahead and I do understand that you might be in the second year of your study. Majority of you maybe in the third year but yeah good initiatives good ideas thank you so much Lane so this bring us to the next finalist Jean if you can please share your video That's the industrial revolution. The world has become increasingly carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions have been rising sharply year after year. But how did carbon dioxide affect the change? We know that carbon dioxide and greenhouse gases are like a blanket trapping the heat from exiting our earth. According to the data collected by the >> Jean, I have to stop you because we cannot hear the sound of your video. Can you please increase the sound and start again? Thank you. Everything was fine but the sound was needs to be increased. Now we don't have even Jane in the room. Now we have good since the industrial revolution the world has become increasingly carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions have been rising sharply year after year. But how did carbon dioxide affect environmental change? We know that carbon dioxide and greenhouse gases are like a blanket trapping the from exiting our earth. According to the data collected by Bloomberg from NOA, the global temperature average has increased by 0. 82° C when compared to the 20 century average and it will keep increasing as the emissions of carbon dioxide are not slowing down. Therefore, removing excessive carbon dioxide from the atmosphere is crucial. Moreover, as our earth is made up of 70% sea and 30% land, an idea to decrease the concentration of carbon dioxide from the sea has approached. But it sounds impossible to remove such an amount of carbon dioxide from the sea, right? So instead of removing them, we can store them up first to prevent the greenhouse effect from increasing rapidly. Recently a group of brilliant people took the idea of farming se to capture carbon dioxide and lock it under the ocean. But why see it instead of other plants? First caps are strong in storing carbon dioxide. They can put down 1 billion to 10 billion tons of carbon dioxide per year. While for comparison, six major trees can store about one tons of carbon dioxide per year. This is how works. They harvest the seaweeds and store carbon dioxide. When the waves come true, certain cap species with nonboyant will sink and degrade under the sea deep sea. Ocean circulation models show that carbon may stay a very long period of time when it reaches a certain depth of the oceans as bringing deep waters to the top takes a long time. For instance, insignificance process of the North Pacific took more than 750 years to bring water below 2,100 m back to the top. In conclusion, if seaweeds can be farmed on large scale, they may be the savior for humans in decreasing the atmosphere's carbon dioxide. But at the same time, humans should stop over relying on nonrenewable energy and more rely on renewable energy to really stop the greenhouse effect. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much. So that was the second video on the topic using the seaweeds. Seems that is the same passion as Elina in the beginning. All right, Jean, your video was a bit with a very you know, we try to listen to your sounds in the video, but I guess this is open to the judges if you have any comment or concern or question to share with you. >> I think the sound that I recorded is a little bit so small to hear. So maybe that's what I need to do better next time. >> That's okay. Yeah. Thank you, Regina. >> So you talked in the video and I mean it was good you had the subtitles. I guess you've added that because of the sound. So the that you talked about atmospheric CO2 and CO2 in the ocean. , are you suggesting that the seaweed will have an effect on atmospheric CO2 or only ocean CO2? It wasn't I found that was a little confused at the end there. >> , it's actually absorbing the atmospheric CO2 and locked it under the deep sea. So, it's a little bit different from the first video that Alina shares with absorbing the carbon dioxide in the water. Okay. So, it's it's taking it from the atmosphere directly. >> Yeah. >> Interesting. >> Thanks. >> Thank you, Virginia. Any other concern question from the judges? Otherwise, we can move to the next video. All right. Jane, thank you so much for sharing the importance of the seaweeds. We are going to investigate for them and we are going to learn. Thanks for sharing with us. , now I would like to invite our next finalist and help me if I'm pronouncing your name correctly. So, Rizwana is that >> did I correct? Did I pronounce >> all right? So, thank you so much. So, can you please share your video please? We are constantly draw the latest and greatest tech innovations. From smartphones to intelligent kitchen appliances, it appears we're captivated by the appeal of the latest innovations. However, every coin has two sides. We often don't realize how our fascination with new technology is contributing to a growing problem. Electronic waste or e-waste. As we keep upgrading and replacing our gadgets, e-waste piles up like there is no tomorrow. But there is a tomorrow and we need to make it a better one. Now let's delve into the world of electronic waste or e-waste and understand why it's an escalating concern. E-waste refers to discarded electronic devices like smartphones, laptops, and household appliances. Computers and mobile phones are particularly abundant due to their short lifespans. Improper disposal of electronic materials releases pollutants into the environment contaminating soil and water and at the same time triggering numerous health hazards such as kidney damage, respiratory illnesses, and even neurological disorders. As of 21st November 2022, the United Nations Environment Program and its partners reported that a staggering 54 million metric tons of electronic waste are generated globally every year. Shockingly, this amount is expected to double by 2050 if we don't take action. An important factor to consider is that e-waste contains valuable resources like gold, silver, iron, cobalt, copper, aluminum, and more. However, instead of utilizing these resources, we often let them go to waste. So, let's explore an innovative solution that could revolutionize the way we manage electronic waste. Deep buttic solvents are environmentally friendly solvents made up of specific combinations of hydrogen bond donors and acceptors, which results in a remarkably low melting point of the resultant composition. What's fascinating is that they're not only liquid at room temperature, but also incredibly versatile and highly effective. Let's take a closer look at how these solvents work. Here in the figure, the waist printed circuit boards go through a mechanical processing step which breaks them down into a fine powder. Then this powder goes through calcination treatment. Think of it as a process that prepares the powder for the next step. Now deepactive solvents entered the process which are made by combining choline chloride with either glycolic acid or oxylic acid. Glycolic and oxylic acids are hydrogen bond donors and choline chloride is a hydrogen bond acceptor. Leotctic solvents have high selectivity towards the metals contained in e-waste. In this case zinc and tin will be dissolved. As a result we end up with two separate solutions. One is rich in zinc and the other in thin. We also get some pure copper oxalate as a bonus. Deep butt solvents can be a potential replacement for traditional methods of metal extraction like smelting, acid leeching and more which can be energy intensive and can release pollutants. Some remarkable advantages of these solvents are that they are cost effective, biodegradable and non-toxic. Moreover, utilizing deep utctic solvents align perfectly with the principles of a circular economy where resources are used efficiently and waste is minimized. Application of this method can turn the global crisis into an opportunity to creating a new era of sustainability. Thank you for watching this video where we have explored the e-waste crisis and a sustainable solution to it. All right, thank you so much. That was an interesting