# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2023 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

And to start talking 2023. We are so excited. This is the annual event and we would like to you know encourage our students to come and share their passion, their idea around across different disciplines to unpack a challenge hopefully with impact like a social impact to be shared with the broader audience. So we really would like to encourage our students to share their ideas with the community and en you know for some of these global challenges we need an global action. So it would be nice for us to as an educator to provide the opportunity for our students to come along and share the idea. All right. So some housekeeping before we start. So the session is going to be recorded. I have a consent form from all of the finalists because we are going to take a photo at the end as well. So, please type your student ID in the chat. So, we are going to use it. Please turn off your audio video. We will let the finalist to turn on the video and audio once it's needed. And of course we are going to for the better experience you can change the you know your screen into the speaker view. And we are going to we go to the agenda soon. So we have two questions with the slider that Klan is helping me and sharing the outcome with you and we have a fun during the time that our judges are going to make a decision. Let's move on. Before we start, I would like to go with the acknowledgement of the country. On behalf of the people who participate in this event from Australia and Malaysia, I would like to acknowledge the war people and pay my respect to the traditional owner of the land that we are me joining to this meeting. I would like to pay respect to the elders both past and present of the colon nation and extend their respect to other indigenous Australian and Malaysian peasants. All right. So before we start just to emphasize the importance of communication I would like to see if you can test because this slider is going to be tested later for people's choice just to warm up and we would love to hear from you how important is communication for your career. So I'm sure that you are aware of what the employers are looking for and how in kind of a workplace in the real workplace we need this kind of multidisiplinary kind of a conversation. So if you can please use of this QR code and respond to this question. So the answers suggested here is it's vital and I want all the tips and advice I can get or I know I need to develop my communication skills but I haven't really thought about it and the third one I don't think I will need these skills for my career. So I'm sure that we all agree on the response but we would love to hear from you. So maybe I give you know 10 seconds and then I will invite Castlon to share the outcome with us. Three, two, one. All right, Klan, do we have any response? Please share with us. Looking to see if Klan is here and he's ready to share the outcome with us. >> Yes. Yes. I'm I'm trying to figure out the response button. Beautiful. >> We let you to figure out and share the outcome with us. >> Otherwise, I am going to hope that everyone responds and choose number one. >> Yeah. Again, this is a good practice for us because we are using a slider for the audience to use for the people's choice. That is very important for you and for us to explore how we are going to work with this slide. So, Keslan, any success? >> Yes. So because I logged in this morning so it logged me out. >> we and Kelan, you're going to teach us about technology. Okay. I leave that to you because Yeah, we every time we learn new things. Yes, please go ahead. >> Okay, I'm going to share my screen now. This will stop the others. >> >> it will stop. >> Yeah. Can you please just announce it because if you stop sharing? >> Okay, I'll just announce it. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yes, please. >> Well, we have 73% for number one, 27 for number two and none for the third one. >> That is the success. That's what we want to hear. So at least you go with number one or two and you are here to see how our students comes to practice. So every skills including communication skills is coming with the practice. Thank you so much Castlan. We get back to you for the people's choice and that time we are going to share your screen because we want to see who actually got the best the highest point. Thank you so much. So that bring us to the start talking 2023. So this is a competition at Swimburn. We invite all the Swimburn students here in Australia and Malaysia to participate. Is a public speaking competition and this is the live showcase. So what we are going to expect we are going to have the competitors to start sharing their video which is about four minutes that is going to be follow up with 3 minutes Q&A from the judges. We might choose one or up to two question for each com finalist. So that will lead us to the time where we ask our judges to go to the breakout rooms up to 15 minutes to make a decision and then coming back. So meanwhile the judges are in the breakout room. We are going to have a fun activity cahoot questions based on the videos that you watch. So we have a prize for that. So and Kelan is going to share the QR code for the people's choice. So we are going to invite the judge, one of the amazing judges to announce the winner of the start talking 2023 and then we asked Teslan to announce the people's choice. We get the you know a screenshot photo with the smile and that's going to be a memory and that will invite others to join us next year. So with this I would like to introduce my colleague at Swimburn including myself Klan from department who is the department chair of computer science and software engineering from school of science computing and engineering technology and irreging who is the senior lecturer from school of engineering science who's helping me. So we have a vision we want to make the world a better place to live and this is aligned with our vision one of the sustain global sustainable goals with the quality of the education. So our amazing collaborators of course didn't we are with this event the digital literacy program Adobe coaches are on board. Career employability there are on board. So we have some session training for students coming along. Our amazing industry partner A U Insurance Australia group. We have Bondor city council as one of the judges who already shared their feedback and comment with us. We have our Sarak colleagues and more important passionate students. Without you we cannot run this you know this event. So thank you so much everyone and this is our judges for this year. So Virginia who is the chief scientist at Swimburn. We have Nicola who is the manager of wheel academic program at Swimburn. We have Adeline who is a technology leader and mentor and coach from our industry partner I have our colleague from the collaborators from Barono Council who are not here but as I said they already shared their feedback and the score with us and we have six finalists that they are their videos are selected to share in this time. Okay, I'm not going with the people's choice. I'm going to stop sharing at this point because I'm going to ask the first student to share the video with us. Elina, are you ready to share your video with us? >> Okay, >> thank you. Imagine a world where the ser blue oceans team of life are transforming into acidic corrosive cauldrons endangering not only the creatures that call them home but also the delicate balance of our planet's ecosystems. Today we dive deep into the hidden crisis beneath the waves illuminate that has the power to reshape our future. The ocean is vital to human survival, but human activities have been causing harm to it. Increased human activity has resulted in a tremendous amount of carbon dioxide being released into the atmosphere. And the ocean as one of the world's largest carbon sinks will absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and contribute to the issue of ocean