have chance to scan this QR code and I don't know Kelan can we add this to the chat? I don't know if the QR code can be added into the chat. Otherwise, this is the chance. Three, two, one. Hopefully, I'll let audes access to the list of the finalists. And I would like to ask Sam. Sam, can you please share the code question so we can play some of the questions from the video that we you watch. So, we would like to see if you watch the videos and you have something you learned something. All right, thank you Kelan for sharing this slider in the chat. So now I would like everyone to scan this QR code or add this pin in your the cahoot question in the sorry in the cahoot application then that will take us to the six questions good I see we end already join by the way if you're the finalist joining us and you are going to be the winner. So we are not going to this cahoot is for the audience not the finalist but you're welcome to join and play but the winner is going to be from the audience. So we give you another 5 seconds to join. Again this is for audience. Okay. So I'm going to count down. 5 4 3 2 1. Let us start. Sam. First question. Which seaweed species has the highest pH increasing ability? All right, for members they answer correctly. Let's move on to the next question. In what year was the insect based product introduced in Europe? So, you're looking for a correct and high speed answer. Beautiful. Let's move on to the next question. Eric, you're on the top. So, what is the suitable temperature to produce biochar? We have seen this information in the video. All right. So, we have two members already answer correctly. Thank you, scoreboard. Let's move on to the next question. Why seaweed is better than trees in capturing carbon? Thank you so much. Great job, scoreboard. Let's move on to the next question. According to UNAP, in 2022, how much e-waste is generated globally every year? Thank you. Let's look at the scoreboard. Beautiful. Great. That's the last question. What is golden rice? Quick answer. All right. Now, let's move on to the outcome of this cahoot start talking 2023. So, Eric third place is and now the winner is O. So I just want to make sure if we can capture the screen a screenshot and I'm going to investigate if these three you are not the finalist one of the finalist and if you're the audience please contact me and I'm going to share my email address. So, I just want to confirm in the chat if the I don't know the audience. Oh, is that you confirm that you are one of the audience and not and not the finalist because I cannot recognize. Okay, look, you're the audience. All right, thank you. So, I'm going to share >> Omar. It's Omar. Yeah. >> Okay. I'm going to share my email address. So, we are going to have And are you located in Malaysia, Luke? >> , beta. >> Yes. >> The winner just now O or O, right? Oh, that was >> Oh, it's Omar. Yeah, Omar. >> Oh, sorry. I'm >> Luc is >> Oh, okay. I got confused. Sorry. >> Yeah, they are our students here. Yes. Audience. >> Oh, is was Luke and Om, can you confirm O was number one? Yes, Sam confirmed that O is the winner of Cahoot start talking 2023 and Omar E. Is that Omar? You need to use of my email address and send me an email. And are you located in Malaysia? Yes. Okay. So, we should have a small gift for you. And that's right on time. We just finished the cahoot question. And Kelan, can you confirm that the people's choice slider is happening? It's in progress. >> yes, it's in progress. >> All right. Good. So, first I would like to invite one of our great judges who spend their time with us. I know that you all have a very busy schedule. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much to all the finalists who spend time to create this video behind. I know that you also have a very busy schedule in week I don't know week 10 in Australia. I don't know what 10 which week we are in back in Malaysia but anyway thank you so much everyone. I would like to invite one of the judges to oh week six. Thank you Irene. So, , so Kim, if I can invite one of the judges to give us some general feedback and also announce the winner of Start Talking 2023. >> Who wants to do it? >> Who wants to do it? Virginia, Nick, Adeline. And by the way, Adam made the I don't know if you access to Adam's vote because it was in the online form. Yeah. All right. Good. So, Virginia, are you going to announce the winner of Star Talking? >> Look, I'm happy to do that if you Nicola and Adeline, are you happy for me to go ahead? Yeah, we've had a great discussion behind the scenes there. We all agreed that the six finalists were absolutely fantastic. We were blown away by the videos, the way that everything was put together, the drama, the emotions. We learned a lot. Yeah, it was really fantastic. So, well done everybody. It was really close as well. But we did find a winner and the winner is drum roll it is the grubs up. So we all thought that one so we I think we're all pet owners. We all went, "Wow, never heard of that before. That sounds amazing. " It was really well presented and we came away with brand new knowledge and a problem that we didn't realize that we had and a solution for it as well. And so congratulations to Le. Thank you so much and big congratulations to Leo and Tiffany. I don't know once I watch your video it's written Tiffany. So thank you so much and congratulation again. It's great to see all of these initiative and you know new ideas. That's something that we can reflect and we can start searching. Thank you so much Virginia Nick and Adeline. It's great to have you here in our annual public speaking competition. I wish we you know we invite all of the students and if you're in audience this is something that we do every year. I would love to encourage everyone from different discipline to bring different topic that might be the concern and to be to you know to share with us. All right. So that bring us before we go and ask everyone please be ready. We are going to take a screenshot photo. Okay. So but first I need to ask Kaslan to announce the people's choice. So everyone stay tuned. We are going to ask you to turn on your video for the screenshot. Kaslan please let us know what is happening in the people's choice. Okay. So, in terms of the people's choice, I've stopped the poll and then let's see what's the result. Just loading and a bit slow. >> Yeah. >> All right. Okay. In terms of the poll results, it is showing us it's a tie. Oh, no, no, no. It's not a tie. Do I need to share the screen or do I just announce it? >> we just announce it. >> We announce you announce it. >> All right, I'll announce it. Okay. All right. So for the people's choice the winner with the most number of votes would be is harvesting hope through GM crops. >> Yes, congratulation. So it's great. So thank you so much. Now with these winners the people's choice and the judges choice I would like to invite everyone to turn on your video and I would like to invite you all for a few moment to smile because you all are winner and I think you spending your time for the judges for the collaborators who assist us in you know making this event happen.