into acidic corrosive cauldrons endangering not only the creatures that call them home but also the delicate balance of our planet's ecosystems. Today we dive deep into the hidden crisis beneath the waves illuminate that has the power to reshape our future. The ocean is vital to human survival, but human activities have been causing harm to it. Increased human activity has resulted in a tremendous amount of carbon dioxide being released into the atmosphere. And the ocean as one of the world's largest carbon sinks will absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and contribute to the issue of ocean acidification. As of now, the average pH of the world's ocean has reportedly dropped from 8. 2 to 8. 1. While you might think that a 0. 1 pH difference is more, it actually corresponds to a 30% increase in acidity. Scientists project that by the end of this century, surface ocean waters could be 150% more acidic than they have been since the industrial revolution. Ocean acidification is especially dangerous for marine calcifiers because these creatures consume carbonate ions to build up their shells. However, the reaction between the absorbed carbon dioxide and water molecules will release hydrogen ions that compete with shells for carbon. Therefore, these scratches will need to spend more energy building their shells, causing them to have less energy fighting food and making them harder to grow and reproduce in smaller size. The fish that die on them will not have enough to eat and will have a harder time surviving, which will eventually indirectly affect the human food web. So what can be done to tackle ocean acidification to deal with the diss of carbon dioxide in the sea water? One possible solution is seaweed farming. Seaweed is a multifactor resource that offers a wide range of benefits is gaining more interest as a solution due to it fast growth rate and low input requirements. They do not take up any space on lands that are delimited and require no fresh water, no fertilizer and no feed. The farming is relatively easy starting with the farmer releasing the spores into a car for them to develop into young seaweed plants in 30 to 60 days. During which the seaweed will attach to the rocks or nets provided by the farmer. Once the young seaweed plants have reached a suitable size, they can be transported to the ocean over a period of 3 to 6 months. The sew grows on these rocks and can be harvested when reaching an appropriate size. A group of scientists from China has proven seed farming to be effective in buffering acidity with sacrina chaponica showing the highest pH increasing ability of up to 0. 1. This is possible because seaweeds absorb carbon dioxide during photosynthesis and incorporate the carbon into their tissues. The carbon is locked out when the seaweed dies and sinks to the ocean floor. Thereby reducing carbon dioxide levels in the water. Seaweed farming could be implemented in Malaysia as it tropical climate of warm waters is suitable for many seaweed species. Also, Malaysia's nutrient-rich coastal water is beneficial for seaweed growth. In addition, Malaysia has a diverse coastline with different types of coastal environments providing various options for seaweed farming sites. Seaweed other than mitigating ocean acidification can also be a nutritious and sustainable food source. Provides shelter and feeding grounds for marine life. Creates economic opportunities for coastal communities and can even be used for bio energy production. While seaw farming offers several benefits for mitigating ocean acidification, it also has limitations and challenges. The main limitation of seaweed farming are its localized impact, building and maintaining markets for sweet products and resource allocation. In summary, seaweed farming is a sustainable and environmentally responsible practice that not only helps sequester carbon, but harnessing the full potential of SE farming could also achieve environmental, economic, and social benefits. Thank you. Thank you. On your audio, play your video for up to 3 minutes. A Q&A from the judges and the judges. We just want to if you have any feedback or comments or question or concern that you would like to ask Elina. >> Hi Elvina, this is Adeline here. Great video. I like that you use a lot of data points in the video but in terms of the cost to implement I guess you know from return on investment and benefits realization just keen to understand in terms of farming seaweed how much that could cost and how long would we get the benefits or the payback periods. The cost actually depends on the location, the scale and the specific se species to be farmed and also the farming method. While the one I mentioned in my presentation is actually the long line system which only require lines for the seaweed to suspend in the ocean. So the cost will be relatively low and compared to other solutions proposed for mitigating this issue and to get back the profit I would say is actually quite fast. They only require over three to six months to grow and be harvested and they can be used for further uses like seaweed based products and also yeah there are quite a lot of uses for the seaweeds. So I would say it's a profitable endeavor. Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you, Adeline. Yeah, Virginia, >> thank you for the great video. I was wondering about so you're trying to I guess mitigate the effects of the pH rise or change in the ocean. And how much seaweed do you need to grow to be able to do that on a large scale? Actually the seaweed farming the impact is actually localized meaning the although it can effectively affect the acidity is only for the sea water around the seaweed farm. So to have a meaningful impact on the ocean acidification they will need to implement in a massive scale which may require the cooperation among nations to establish and maintain se farms in various ocean regions. >> Yeah. Thank you. Beta, you're on mute. Sorry, I didn't realize. Did I talk all of this time by myself? To myself. Oh, perfect. That's very good. So, all right. So, considering the time I mentioned, I would like to invite the second finalist and we go with the rest of the Q&A and concerns with the second finalist. Leo, could you please share your video? Thank you. The world's population is predicted to grow from 8 billion today to 9. 7 billion in 2050. Population growth is linked with an increase in greenhouse gas emissions to which our planet is experiencing worsening climate impacts now more than ever at an unprecedented rate. Surely there have been many climate change solutions which have been developed over the years with sustainability in mind. But have you ever wondered what your furry companion could do about it? Introducing insect based pet food. Yep, you heard me right. But why do we have to consider this? Did you know that pets consume an estimated of 20% of meat and fish worldwide? The production of dry kibble alone is produced on around 49 million hectares of agricultural land each year, which is almost twice the size of the United Kingdom. Combined with the livestock breeding, annual carbon dioxide emission is linked to an estimate of 106 million tons, not to mention the large amounts of resources required. What's all the buzz about? So the first insectbased pet food was introduced in 2015 in Europe as a noble and sustainable protein source. This concept of incorporating insects into pet diets was inspired by the long history of insects as part of the human diet in some cultures. As opposed to rearing larger bodied livestock, the size of insects allow for less extensive land use muse in the form of vertical farming in which large scale breeding and processing of insects such as the black soldierfly larvi, yellow meal worms and crickets can be done in limited spacing. So what's the significance of this? The estimated carbon dioxide emission 100 grams of meal worms can be up to 14 times less than chicken, pork and beef. Not only that, the insects are fed on organic waste from food for agricultural byproducts which not only act as a waste treatment but also produce bofuels and fertilizers sourced from their food and extremists. You might be wondering is this safe and can my pet actually eat this? Well, insects are highly nutritious and proteinpacked. In fact, they do not differ from the nutritional value of other meat sources such as chicken, beef, pork, and fish. A recent research found that black soldierfly larae can be safely incorporated into the diets of even senior dogs. Moreover, consistent feeding showed lower cholesterol levels in those dogs. Secondly, insect proteins are naturally hypoallergenic, which makes them suitable for those with sensitive skin. To top that off, insects