# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2023 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

smelting, acid leeching and more which can be energy intensive and can release pollutants. Some remarkable advantages of these solvents are that they are cost effective, biodegradable and non-toxic. Moreover, utilizing deep utctic solvents align perfectly with the principles of a circular economy where resources are used efficiently and waste is minimized. Application of this method can turn the global crisis into an opportunity to creating a new era of sustainability. Thank you for watching this video where we have explored the e-waste crisis and a sustainable solution to it. All right, thank you so much. That was an interesting topic on the e-waste. So now we are open to any question or concerns from the panel. Rswana based on the research that you've done do you know how widely used I guess this proposed solution is or is it theoretical only? Yes, DS is a very new topic but yeah the concept of duty solvents was introduced in the 2000s but its application in metal recovery and usage from e-waste has started very recently but until now there has been research going on and application of deputyic solvents in metal recovery until now from the papers that I studied deputic solvents have been successful in extracting lithium and cobalt from batteries also in extracting rare earth rare materials from discarded fluorescent lamps and also from waste printed circuit boards. >> Thank you. >> So it's a new research and we don't have any kind of a startup or any businesses starting on that. So it's in a research process. Yes. I don't know. I just wanted to make sure that this is a this is kind of a topic that it's under research. >> Yes. >> It's not commercial. Okay. >> Sensitive research has still been going on. >> Yeah. All right. >> Okay. So if you don't have any other concern or question to ask from Arizona so we are going ahead I know that the judges are also doing the scoring at the same time because very soon we are going to invite you to the breakout rooms to share your comments and share the feedbacks and come up with the announcement of the winner. Thank you so much Raana. So I'm going to invite the last finalist who is the again I hope that I pronounce your name correctly by Ba. >> Yes Ba. >> Okay good. So I would like to invite you to share your video with us. Thank you. Agriculture, the vessel of life, has played a bivotal role throughout history. For generations, humanity relied on traditional breeding techniques like selective breeding, breathing to improve plant and animal traits, shaping our food supply today. However, these methods were timeconsuming and often yielded sub-optimal results. 1973 marked the turning point with the dawn of GMOs. A breakthrough by American genetist Stanley Cohen along with the American biotechnologist Herbert Ber. Genetic modification or GM is a revolutionary technology that involves inserting DNA into an organism's genome to create an enhanced versions of that particular organism. Yet the war against GMOs began. People had countless questions about this new incomprehensible concept. Would it affect our genes? Could it cause allergies or even cancer? GMOs raised concerns about potential planned hybridization, increased pesticides use, and environmental impacts. While most scientists agreed on their safety, health concerns, particularly allergenicity, and long-term effects remain. Meanwhile, the world is suffering from climate change, natural disasters, pollution, and dwindling resources. Our earth is in peril affecting agriculture. Less land is suitable for crops and food security plumped worldwide. Farmers are facing insurmountable obstacles and world hunger surged. With the global population projected to grow by 2 billion people by 2030, the problem is definitely intensifying. Millions of children are suffering from malnutrition and nearly half of child death were due to hunger related issues. The earth is ailing and so are we. However, there is always hope. In the late 1990s, a Russian scientist introduced golden rice, a true game changer. This unique rice variety contained beta carotin, a precursor to vitamin A, crucial for health. Genetic engineering enabled the transfer of this substance directly into rice grains, preventing immune dysfunction and eyesight in bearing deficiencies. Golden rice was a humanitarian triumph, a true eye opener. Golden rice is just one example of how genetic engineering can transform agriculture. GM crops exhibit traits such as enhanced heat and draw tolerance, superior nutritional profiles, heightened resistance to bests and enhanced photosynthetic efficiency, rendering them pivotal contributors to addressing global food security. While worries remain, it's crucial to base our decisions on the best available scientific evidence and acknowledge the gamechanging potential of genetic engineering to improve global food security and save lives. GM crops may be our beacon of hope for a hunger-free future. I am Bah Abd and this is harvesting hope through GM crops. Thank you. Thank you so much. Appreciate your concern about this global challenge and yeah it was a bit inspiring once you see the kids without food is just get me emotional. Okay, let's move on and if there is any question and concern to be shared with Bajger. So I don't know if Baja you can turn on your audio video so we can see you. Thank you. Yes, Virginia. >> Thank you for a very nice video. I was wondering so you've said that there's a lot of ways that GM crops can help humanity and sort of the focus I guess was on hunger but you also talked about nutrition and other things. What do you think is the most important trait that has been bred into GM crops that's going to help in with worldwide hunger and population increase in the world? I think it's resistance to pesticides and hot weathers and drought. You know, climate change is really affecting us and a lot of countries are facing these issues and the crops are dying. So with the world population increasing, we need crops that can tolerate such conditions to feed the world population. >> Thank you. All right. So, if that is about the finalists to share their videos and the judges, I'm sure that there will be more feedbacks that I'm I'm going to collect from all the judges and I'm going to share with you finalists. So, for the next time you want to create your video. But right now I would like to see if my dinner if I am able to create a breakout room and invite the judges to spend up to maybe 10 minutes. I don't know if I can set it set the time, but you're welcome to use of 10 minutes. I think 10 minutes should be enough thinking about the looking at the time and then you're welcome to come back in 10 minutes. So I'm going to create and manually I'm going to assign. Hopefully I'm able to do that. So, Adeline, I see Adeline and I'm going to Where are the other? Sorry, this is me trying to find all the names. All right, so I think I've already So I don't know Virginia Adelain, do you see the breakout room? All right. So that bring us to the action and I need Sam and Castlan to help me. So I am going to share my screen and that would help me to share the QR code for people's choice. Kassan, can you please confirm or Sam can you please confirm that I'm sharing the QR code? >> Yep. >> Yes. >> All right. Good. So I would like to invite everyone to scan this QR code because that will take you to the list of six finalists and if you are here from we would like to hear from the audience who is your selected winner. So definitely that is going to come with a prize. So this is an opportunity for the audience to vote to our finalist and I guess you all did a great job and this is me congratulating to all of the six finalists but please use of this QR code and I will ask Hasslan later to share the outcome with us. All right. So if you I think I'm going to close this slide because I would like to ask Sam to share the cahoot question. So in three seconds still you have chance to scan this QR code and I don't know Kelan can we add this to the chat? I don't know if the QR code can be added into the chat. Otherwise, this is the chance. Three, two, one. Hopefully, I'll let audes access to the list of the finalists. And I would like to ask Sam. Sam, can you please share the code question so we can play some of the questions from the video that we you watch. So, we would like to see if you watch the videos and you have something you learned something. All