talent. , and it's , really important , particularly when you're working with others that don't necessarily have that technical field that you might have. >> Thank you. Andrew, is there any other points that you want to say? Like Debbie, do you want to add anything? Did you did think that you're going to be the journalist and you're going to communicate and communication is going to be your job? >> I did think communication was going to be my job, but not in the sense that it has been. , but just to build on what Omar and Andrew just said. I think , you know, it's so I love that you highlighted listening as one of your key activities, not just one of your key skills, Omar. It's really important to understand information fully before you have a go at communicating it. And then to add to that, I think, you know, from a journalistic lens, it's really hard at the beginning of your career to work out what the most important part was of anything, whether you go to a press conference and you listen for 40 minutes and you have to make a two-minute video or if you're reading a research paper, , or if you're writing the research paper, working out what the headline is going to be and what is the most important, most valuable information for your audience, I think, is very challenging. And I wouldn't expect anyone at an undergraduate level to feel confident that they're doing that well. Like you might actually be doing it well, but you probably it probably feels like I don't know what I'm doing for a long time. It certainly did for me. I think it was about 10 years of doing journalism before I really felt like I had a strong news sense and that I knew what the most important part of a big body of information was to communicate to people. So it's a skill that takes practice. >> Thank you so much. That was very valuable advice and it's good feeling because I know my next question but I don't want to you know I want to make sure that this we have collected all the answers from the panel member before we move to the next question. Sadi, do you want to talk about the communications and of course you're coming from that you know representing the indigenous community how do you know that what is that you know communications and how that is practiced among that community >> definitely so I mean I can't speak from behalf of STEM because I was a journalism student as well so I'm an oral historian but I think that one of the really important things is being able to talk to the people that you are engaging with at a level that everybody's understanding the content. I think free and free and prior informed consent is incredibly important if we're working with a troana communities or any communities. , and I think that if we're using language that's just in our own discipline or within our own area of work, , or within our own university, a lot of other people are not necessarily understanding what that conversation is. And so, it's really important that we are actually having a really broad conversation. I think one of the other things as well is considering the social and human aspects of our work. I think that when we're really disciplinary focused, we tend to kind of remove the human elements and we just talk about what our work is doing and the, you know, the implied impacts of that. And when we're actually talking about all of those other social factors, it not only allows the people that we're looking to work with for them to understand a little bit more, but it also who are reading our work to understand that. So as I said this year I assessed a lot of decas and one of the things we found over and over again so I'm a general assessor so that means I assign the detail assessors so the reviewers and one of the things that we found overlooking that process is there were quite a lot of people that just talked to their discipline but didn't necessarily talk to what that impact is at a greater level and that's so incredibly important and it means that you've actually got more impact because you're showing everybody you're showing everybody what that engagement actually looks like and then you're creating really genuine partnerships with the people that you're working with or with the organizations or other entities that you're looking to work with if you're not looking to work with a particular community. >> Thank you. Just considering the time I just I want to see if Rob has any points, but we have a list of the questions that I'm going to ask everyone. Rob, do you want to >> Yeah, look, just to say thanks for all the things that the other speakers said, just surveys of graduate employers consistently put communication skills as the number one skill that they're after. Doesn't matter what the discipline is. So, it's such an important skill to develop as you go along. And I know when I was an engineering student, my communication skills were not great, but something that I've picked up along the way and improved as I've gone. So yeah, it's extremely important to be able to you can be technically brilliant, but you need to be able to share that with the people around you. So that's such an important skill. >> Thank you, Rob. I really appreciate everyone's point to that question that we ask our audience considering most of our audience, I'm expecting they are in the second year or the third year of their you know, their degree and they are thinking about the future of their job in a STEM area. That's why I think this panel discussion it's important to know beyond your graduation you might ended up being a journalist or working with a different community indigenous community or working with the government or work and you know come up with your stop startup idea. So regardless of where you are going that communication is it seems that it's very important. I guess my next question is again I'm thinking of the students. Okay, I know that the communication is important but I choose science because I want to be quiet and do my job and get a fantastic results. So I guess I want you again to explain what was your you know your journey or how was your unique characteristics? How did you come across this barriers or this challenge to improve? I guess I we hear some of the key words but I guess if you can just give us some tips about your success. Of course you're working in the organization you had different jobs now you're communicating the communication is your job. So how did your just provide some tips for our students so they can consider and I know that Debbie said that it's take about time so but yeah if you can share your experiences that would be great. Andrew do you want to come up with the answer? >> I think time is really important. I think one of the things that with time you build confidence and self-confidence is really important in what you do and you don't necessarily need to be an expert. So there's a you can be a generalist and you can or you can be an expert and there's different areas that you can be expert in. So communication is one that cuts across multiple disciplines. So a lot of the work that I do and have done for the last few years is around communication around ideas and concepts and cutting edge technology and what does it mean from an economic development perspective. And that's a long way from you know what does a an animal eat or where does it live but it's all around the communication of complex issues and how does systems work and those types of things. But I think the ability to communicate well and effective is really fundamental to what I do and yeah time it I've learned it over time. I've worked out what I'm good at and I've worked out what I'm not so good at as well. So being self-aware is a key part of that. >> So I guess that's the same question for the panel member. What unique characteristics it's help you to cope with these barriers? Because I know that from students you know experience I hear a lot that this is very challenging for them and they don't know how they should start working on it. So what are the advice or tips that you would like