got your family your friends pe people you work with your people in the community people you might play sport with or do other activities people at uni and other people. So, one of the things I challenge you to do is to think about who are the people in your existing network that you people you know already that could help you with your career. And it's really it's really important to start talking to those people now. And often it's not the people that you know the first level connections, it's the second level connections. You might know someone who knows someone and many there's a lot of study been done that those second level connections can be the ones that are really important to you in terms of your career. So look at your existing career and if we had more time I'd get you to think about some people but maybe think even just as we're talking now think about two or three people in your existing network that might be worth having a chat to. Okay. So, in terms of networking, how do you talk to people? Now, there's there's one way you can talk to people. I can say, "Hi, my name's Rob. Here's my resume. Have you got a job? " Now, that can be a very short conversation. But the way that we the way that we suggest you talk to people in terms of networking, the approach is called informational interviewing. Now, in informationational interviewing, what it means is saying to someone, hey, I'm really interested in what you're doing. Would you prepare be prepared to give me 20 minutes of your time to have a bit of a chat about that? And it's a fair it's a really non-threatening approach and a lot of people are really flattered that someone would be interested enough in what they're doing to want to have a chat to them about it. And that's a really important thing for you to do now that you're thinking I might want to work in this or this field or this field is to do a few of these to get a feel for what they're like. And you can ask them questions like what does a typical day look like? What is a what does a typical week look like? What are the good things? What are the challenges? What's been your pathway? Where do you see yourself going in five years time? And then the big question, what should someone like me where I, you know, I'm studying at the moment, what should I be doing to get to where you are? So these are the sort of things that you can be doing and as someone was saying before, do I think Dembi was saying, do a bit of research before you meet up with these people. So, , this is a really important way of, you know, a lot of people don't like going to the cocktail party and the networking event and mixing with people. That's this is one-on-one interview. This is one-on-one networking. It can be really useful. Okay. So, a lot of people say to me, "That sounds great. Who do I do it with? " Well, , you, as I said, start with your, , start with your own network. But there's a tool called LinkedIn and there's a thing on LinkedIn called the alumni tool which is really useful. I'm going to show you how just very briefly how you might use this alumni tool. Now I've taken some screenshots from LinkedIn. If you haven't got a LinkedIn profile, it's like Facebook. You need a profile to be able to access it. So put one together. We've got stuff on our website about how to do that. So you'll see that what I did what you need what you can do is go on to LinkedIn you type in do a search on Swinburn University of Technology and you'll see that there's a page there and you can see the little red arrow. You just click on alumni and lo and behold all of a sudden there's 156,295 I think I did this yesterday or Friday Swinburn alumni on LinkedIn. That's a heck of a lot of people. So what you can do and interestingly enough 131,000 live in Australia, 102,000 live in Melbourne. , but you and for those people in Sarowak, there's 4,869 people in Malaysia who are on LinkedIn who are Swinburn graduates. Interesting. So, you can do a whole lot of you can narrow that down. That's a lot of people. You can do a search on top on a profession, a company, , whatever. Now, I decided I'm interested in astrophysics. I decided to do a search on astrophysics and I found there's 171 people who studied at Swinburn who are working in that field in Australia. 23 of them at Swinburn. So that'll probably be in our in our in our field with Alan Duffy in that area. So you can actually you can actually even narrow that search further and then you can find people that you might connect with. So if you can find someone, I don't know these people, they just came up. You can find someone by doing that search to connect with and then you can send you can connect with them and say, "Hi, you know, if it was me, I'd say, "Hi, my name's Rob. I'm I'm really interested in really interested in the work you're doing. I'm a Swinburn student and I noticed that you are a Swinburn alumni and that's where the connection is. Would you be prepared to give me 20 minutes of your time? " and that's so that's the sort of thing you can do to call anformational interview. It's a networking it's a networking strategy for you to find out more details about the field that you'd like to get in and start building your network. Okay. We won't have time to do this but one of the things that you need to be able to develop for networking is that idea of an elevator pitch. Now, the idea is you get in the you get in an elevator or a lift on the ground floor. You're going to the 20th floor that the other person gets in is someone who might be able to help you with a job or some sort of networking connection. What would you say in the 60 seconds you've got between the ground floor and the 20th floor? So, it's the sort of thing that you can practice. You don't want to be just regurgitating something that's right learned, but you want to have a few key ideas. What would be four or five key things that I would tell someone if they said to me, , tell me a bit about yourself. Okay, so this is this is where it's it's pretty important to have thought this through. It's useful not only in a networking situation but it can it can be you get you've been for an interview and they ask you that question tell me about yourself. So it's a really important to have thought about that and you know you've seen people more and more are doing these me in a minute videos where they do a 60-second video of themselves introducing themselves on their LinkedIn profile or elsewhere. So and the sort of things you might want to talk about, you know, what course you're doing, your achievements, it's really about what would make you stand out. What's what is it about you that might make you different from the next person? And what is it that you're really interested in? So preparing that elevator pitch is a really key thing to do. Okay. And I was going to do a little activity, but we won't we won't have time to do that. So just as a summary in terms of networking strategies, doing those informational interviews is a key strategy. , one of the things you might do is research companies and roles that you're interested in. Make a list. Then you start talking to people. Use your existing network first. And as Omar talked about, he's he's a member of a professional association. If it's engineer, there's science lots of scientific ones, there's engineering ones. Join your professional association as a student member. It's usually a lot cheaper than when you once you're a professional and go to university events and you know talk to people. Using LinkedIn is important that alumni tool I showed you and you're being strategic. Keep a record of the people that you talk to. So remember that many people want to give back and help others and they're often flattered that you would be interested in them. So don't be afraid to ask people. You're not asking them for a