# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Professional Networking with Confidence (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

you develop those skills and it comes naturally. It's amazing how that you can really see that in a student when you're talking to them if they if they've had that experience. So encourage you to take opportunities and put yourself out there whenever you get a chance to do those sorts of things. >> Thank you Rob. I guess now I want to move to the next question where we are talking about STEM career okay and the requirements of the skills for the future. So of course we are like a panel member the majority like we have our jobs but the students they're looking for the job in future and we have a survey and data that they're reflecting on the future jobs and the required skills. So I guess I want you to you know from your organization from what you experience or you what you read from literature or your experience what are the other skills that you are suggesting and is there any you know again tips or advice to do you know practice or because we just we don't want to just talk about the communication skills I guess I'm talking about the professional skills in general Omar, do you want to answer that question again? >> Yeah, absolutely. , so I guess one of the important professional skills is being able to work with collaboratively with teams and leading others. A lot of time I guess as we work it's we're not we're never rarely will we ever just be working alone technical or not you'll always be part of a team in one way or another and you know when I was in university and doing all these team projects and team assignments and things you know sometimes you know you get really great teams sometimes you get really difficult teams to work with and it just kind of it didn't really makes sense to me at the time. I'm like, if I could just do this on my own and get it done. , but it has really helped me and it's it does really it's something that you're going to face a lot in the future that you just need to be able to work with the teams and work with different types of people to achieve the outcome that you're you're after. So I think that I guess influencing ability is an important skill as well to have. I'm glad that you bring that example because no matter what type of you know assessments we are providing I always try to give an option to the students and bring that kind of different aspects of the assessment to make sure that the students are going to satisfy but sometimes you don't know what is the reason behind this type of assessment and I'm glad that you bring that experience didn't make sense at when you were a student but now at your workplace you find that was useful even it was challenging at the time. So I guess now we just open to adding other panel member to add any other points that Omar started. >> I can give you an example. >> yes. >> So I've recruited a few people in my time and the first thing is the written word and you need to be able to write a compelling case about you and what you offer to the position. And that written word is really important to get you the first through the door before you can have a conversation. But even preceding that is if there's a job that you're interested in, ring the person up, have a conversation with them and so that they know your name. So when your written application comes your name resonates with them. And in an interview practice. So, make sure that you start to articulate the key points that you want to make quite well. And there'll be some standard things like communication skills your work experience and as you enter the workforce, you might not have work experience, but that's not to say that you might not be able to get it through some of the mechanisms that we've heard about. I had a intern and the person was aware of the internship through the university mechanisms and we had a three-month project and this person was communicated very effectively at the at the interview. But she had a clear idea about where she wanted to be heading. But over that three-month internship, she became aware of what government could mean for her. And one of the opportunities and I saw in the chat a question, one of the opportunities was the graduate internship program or the graduate recruitment program that both state and federal government run ran or will run each year. And through persistence and through seeking advice and having good referees that she gained through her internship program, she managed to be recruited into the government recruitment program. KBMG probably has recruitment programs, graduate recruitment programs. And these are fantastic opportunities to expose you to fantastic organizations that may not be in the area that you studied in but will give you the breadth and depth of the organization so you can work out where you want to go and what you want to do. And even if you don't stay in those organizations, those early training bits that you training opportunities that you will get will set you up for the rest of your life. If you look at a lot of career public servants, they've entered through the graduate recruitment programs. So, there's a bit there, but hopefully it's a few tips as well. Thank you Andrew for adding those kind of skills that it can be useful and helpful from your perspective joining government like a writing skills and networking and talking with the people that they might be your you know referee and they know about you. So I guess I just want to find if there is any other points that you want to add to the questions or we can move to I just want Sam. Okay Sadi you want to and Sam if there are any question I want you to share with the panel member after we hear from Sadia. Thank you Sadi. >> Really fast I was just going to say be brave. It's really important. Sometimes we're very shy. I started off very, very shy. And we need to kind of go, why am I here? Let's be brave. Let's communicate. Let's talk to people. Let's network. , and the other thing is do your homework. So, you can really tell when somebody approaches you about a position or an interest and they don't they don't really know your organization very well because they haven't done their homework. So, make sure if you're looking for opportunities that you spend a little bit of time looking at any of the policies of the organization or what the organization really does because that really helps facilitate a conversation and we can really see that very clearly that your interest is at a much deeper level than just oh that looks like a cool place to engage with. >> Great point. Thank you so much then Rob. Do you want to add any point or everything it's covered? Thank you. Sam, do we have any question before I ask the next question? >> yes, we have one question which is specifically for Denbeck. As a journalist, what tips would you give to an aspiring journalist regarding curating their writing style when they're writing for STEM related topics? >> Curating. I'm not quite sure what I mean by the question, but if you just mean selecting which work to put in your portfolio. , yeah. You know what? No, I can't answer that. I just need a bit more clarity. What do you mean by curating your writing style? >> Oh, good. , >> I'm sure the person will post >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm guessing you're still listening, Sasha. , do you want to You're welcome to unmute yourself if you think that would be easier or type in the chat and I'll read it out for you. >> Yeah. Meanwhile, maybe she's going to rewrite and elaborate more on that question. I can bring this question because I'm just considering the time we have less than 10 minutes. So I guess okay discussing about the future job the require skills and talking about reflection on the communication and how actually that brings us to this current job that you are doing in the different organization. I guess there are two questions that I have and you can answer in any order. So first is any opportunities for students and I think Rob is going to answer that question and I want Rob to answer that question first. So any opportunities for students to improve their professional