# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Professional Networking with Confidence (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

because I'm just considering the time we have less than 10 minutes. So I guess okay discussing about the future job the require skills and talking about reflection on the communication and how actually that brings us to this current job that you are doing in the different organization. I guess there are two questions that I have and you can answer in any order. So first is any opportunities for students and I think Rob is going to answer that question and I want Rob to answer that question first. So any opportunities for students to improve their professional skills and I think let's just start with this and then I go with the next one. >> So opportunities at Swinburn. Oh definitely. So, there's a lot of volunteering opportunities through Swinburn student life and other opportunities that are on our jobs board when employ internships as part of your course which 140hour sort of one day a week for a semester type opportunities. And we've we've got more we've got more internships at the moment than we have students to take them. So there's plenty of opportunities there. And also the other the other thing that Swimburn's really well known for are placements where you can do six months or 12 months paid positions as part of your course. So you not only will graduate with a degree but you'll graduate with a degree plus one year's experience which makes you a very I guess a good prospect for a for a graduate program. In fact probably about 60% of students who do placements end up working for that organization after they graduate or even before. So there's lots of lot lots of opportunities. We also have a lot of events with employers, a lot of a lot of events to help with your networking, all sorts of things and I'll just and in the session that I do afterwards, I'll give you some more information on those. >> Thank you, Rob. So, I guess this is the questions for all of the panel member if they have if they are aware of any opportunities from your organization. So if you can I and I can see Andrew already at a link in the chat. So please all the students you can collect all of this information. If you add your student ID we are going to communicate. I'm going to collect all of the resources and I'm going to share with you in the next email. So yeah, but we are open to any panel member who wants to share the opportunities with the students that they can improve and scaffold their skills for the future job. >> Sure. I'll just put a plug in for the Swinburn standard which is our student news publication. The editor's name is Karina Hente. I will share details in the chat shortly. Please pitch your science stories to the standard. We would love to have more science content published there and you'll get to work with a professional editor who has worked in newsrooms around Australia and will really give you an idea of what it's like to produce work as a science journalist. And for those students who are here from my unit communication for scientists, Dembi is the guest speaker in the lecture week three where we are talking about communicating as a science journalist. So stay tuned. All right. So is there any other point steady? >> Sorry the unmuting and muting gets you every time. , , yeah, no, I completely recommend that. I think the journalism that newspapers and that kind of communication format I think is incredibly amazing. I was the editor of the one of the Monache student newspapers and it was a really great learning experience. , I'd also say conferences, and I know that sounds like, oh, but I haven't I haven't graduated, but the thing is that there's no age limit for conferences. And if you have a really good idea of you've done a group project or you've done your pitch for start talking, you've already got some content and you can actually work together. And if there's a affordable conference just down the road or even if it's free student seminars, you can kind of start that communic process communication process as well. And it's really good for your resume because it sees that you're already starting to engage very early on. The other thing is those scholarship and other opportunities as well. I think that those are fundamental in terms of being able to broaden your understanding or at least broaden your audience. So definitely all of those and I think also, you know, we've got local community radio stations that you can volunteer on. You can actually run community radio stations are absolutely amazing because you can if there's time you can run any kind of any kind of program you want to and it can be in any language you want it to be in and it can be it can really be to what you are really passionate about which is really fantastic. So I think look at those kind of opportunities that you can do with yourself and your colleagues. There's also the conversation. So the conversation we may have all read you can only publish in that if you've got a PhD but that's the lead author. You don't need a PhD if you're not the lead author. So if you're working on a really great group project and your lecturer is really keen about that as well. They can help you publish it and they will be the first author but you would have suddenly you would have gotten your voice in that publication as well. So think about all those different diverse opportunities. Just one more opportunity maybe that I'll I'll just add in there. So this one I guess is a bit more specific or targeted to engineering students. But Young Engineers Australia has just kicked off the national case competition. So it's a great opportunity and you don't have to all be engineers as long as there's someone on the team that can relate to the topic. But the basically it's a great opportunity for you to put a team together and put together a proposal to address an issue. And that'll then be you'll get an opportunity to present that at a national forum and the winning teams can get picked to the climate smart engineering conference. They get to attend that conference and present there as well. So registrations are open right now. So yeah, I'd highly recommend >> I'm going to ask Omar to give me this information and from the other panel member for something that is already shared in the chat and I'm going to share that in the email that is coming to you after the event. Andrew, >> I was just going to say that one of the tools, social media is a really important tool that you should be participating in and social media is used in different ways by different people. Twitter is often used by academics and employee employers to get out immediate information to a particular network. One of the social media platforms that I use quite a bit to find out information and resources is LinkedIn. So LinkedIn has some really nice resources around who's doing what. If you follow the organizations that you're interested in, sometimes they post jobs on there. But they also it'll give you an idea about what the latest trends and opportunities might be. And you can also reach out to the people that post on LinkedIn as well. So if you're after a career with BHP, follow BHP on LinkedIn and there'll be some interesting ideas around what BHP does and whether or not it actually aligns to what you're thinking. KPMG is a good one to follow. , but there's others as well. , Swinburn's a nice one to follow as well. >> Thank you, Andrew. , Sam, did you find out what is that question exactly or did was >> Yes, I can I can clarify on that question. Just before I do that, I wanted to say doing an internship during your undergrad is a great idea. I did one and it was an amazing 12 months. Plus, you get paid if you do one of the paid ones. And for a lot of students, it might be more money you've ever seen in your life. It certainly was for me. And even if you want to follow on into further academic studies rather than going on into employment, I got somebody my industry supervisor from my placement to write one of my reference letters for my PhD application, which was one of the reasons I got a scholarship. So like there's no downside to doing it whatsoever. I just want to say because I did one.