# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Professional Networking with Confidence (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

there's science lots of scientific ones, there's engineering ones. Join your professional association as a student member. It's usually a lot cheaper than when you once you're a professional and go to university events and you know talk to people. Using LinkedIn is important that alumni tool I showed you and you're being strategic. Keep a record of the people that you talk to. So remember that many people want to give back and help others and they're often flattered that you would be interested in them. So don't be afraid to ask people. You're not asking them for a job. You're asking them for a bit of information. And as I said before, you know, probably up to 70% of jobs are not advertised or filled. So networking and communication is so important. Okay. So look, how can we help at Swinburn? Well, we've got a career service which is available to you while you're studying and up to one year after you graduate. All of our services are but even after that there's other resources still available. So the way to contact us with any questions we've got ask a question which is swi. Nu askaq. We've got many resources and a jobs board on swin employ. See what else we've got. We've got a whole range of different career events. I think you might have even booked for this event tonight on our on our career events. We actually for those at Hawthorne campus we do have dropins and 12 to1 at the in the in the library at the atrium entrance level two. , but you can also get a 10 minute have a 10-minute or 30 minute appointment online with one of our qualified careers consultants. So, and look, we've got a general swi. Nu/careerhelp. So, look, that's just a bit of a summary of a few tips about networking and also some help that you'll be able to get at Swinburn. As I said, all our all our careers, we're all qualified careers counselors. , and it's all free and we can help you up to one year after you graduate. So, , I think we'll leave it there, Peter, and back to you. >> Thank you. Thank you so much, Rob. I know that this is was very limited time just considering the time. I appreciate that you made it and I apologies to those who are still with us. This is the recording video. The resources including the slides that Rob presented including the video is going to be shared including the so this is the opportunity again this was the first workshop I try with a team who are leading this shaping stem futures which is start talking it's one of the competition we just want to give you the opportunity to do you know to practice your science knowledge come up with some idea and some solution to the real challenge with the social impact and that is going to be in front of the chief scientist at Simburn Virginia it's going to be in front of Alan Duffy and it's going to be in front of the industry partner they're providing the feedback to you and more important that is embedded with emerging leaders program which is part of the Swimburn employability and of course for those who are here from the science u communication for scientists your assessments passing the units it's one criteria of emerging leaders which is carrier development. So you are using these evidences you are we are providing you these services and professional you know helps that hopefully when you graduate you feel confident you have networking you have your LinkedIn profile and you practices through those opportunities for you to feel confident you go to the interview with maybe 100 candidates but you can get a success and that is how we are going to work for you. So I guess I really like to appreciate Sam helping us with this running this and Sam is one of our student at Sunburn. So you can be involved with this volunteerly kind of networking and communications and I really appreciate Irene from Saraveak who invited the Saraveak students to be part of this first workshop. The second workshop is storytelling video production using Adobe Rush by our amazing students Adobe coaches from Adobe team that is going to be 8th of September and our live showcase. If you're interested you create four minute video that is part of your assessment or you are it's not part of your assessment you just do it to practice. So four minute video with the social impact by 10th of October because the live showcase with our amazing judges are on Thursday 13th of October. And again I appreciate everyone for taking your time being part of this panel discussion and first workshop and thank you so much to Rob and we are going to be in contact. Thank you so much.