Plus, you get paid if you do one of the paid ones. And for a lot of students, it might be more money you've ever seen in your life. It certainly was for me. And even if you want to follow on into further academic studies rather than going on into employment, I got somebody my industry supervisor from my placement to write one of my reference letters for my PhD application, which was one of the reasons I got a scholarship. So like there's no downside to doing it whatsoever. I just want to say because I did one. I highly recommend. >> and Sam, thank you so much. I forgot that we have a student panel member here and that's Sam who worked actively as a science communicator and she helped me for organizing all of this. So your tips as an student to the students it's a very valuable and strong thank you m thank you Sam that you made that point but yeah that question for them >> yes so the question is about how if you've got any kind of general tips or whatnot for how you make really complex ideas understandable to somebody without that kind of background in that area of journalism. So, somebody who's an aspiring journalist, if you've got any tips for them about how to kind of drill down to the really important points when you're trying to communicate science and how to make that information accessible to people without that science background. >> Sure. Yeah. I think the first thing is don't try and communicate the whole story. If the whole story is complex, you can't boil it down without losing important detail. What you're better off doing is focusing on one area of the story. And with research, it's good to think about who the audience is. Who cares about the research? So if you've discovered an amazing new material you can make a football from, then you want to go to football players or people who watch football and tell them why this new material is amazing, why it affects their life, why they would care about it. So if you start from an audience point of view and don't you don't have to explain to them how the new material is made, what it's made of, you can just start with one point about it that really helps them. And I think looking at the science communication that's happened throughout the pandemic, we've seen a lot of people like their trust in news media has been eroded because journalists have too often tried to give us all of the data and all of the information but boil it down into 25 words or less. And they've lost a lot of nuance and important detail that people then sort of feel like they're getting the wool pulled over their eyes or they don't have enough information to make their own decisions. They feel like they're not being trusted with the full story by the journalists. So, you don't want your audiences in that position. You'd be better off just giving them a little portion of the story that is accurate but is also simple and able to be communicated succinctly. >> Thank you so much Dami. I guess that bring us to the end of this session. I know that we are talking about STEM careers and this is and this is not the this is just the first session. We have another 15 minutes for the second session when Rob is going to explain about the opportunities at Sunburn. So for our students from Saravak and Australia please stay tuned. But before we maybe we I just want to say thank you to all the panel members that make this one hour it's very valuable and we are going to be in contact and if there are any question from students I can collect those data and resources. Okay. Thank you so much panel member. Now we are going to start the second session where Rob is going to talk about the STEM care career and the opportunity at swim. So Dembi, Andrew, Omar, Sadi, I really appreciate your time and hope to be in contact with you and share any questions from the students if there is any. And yeah, thank you so much. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication in a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is a place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. Thank you Sam for sharing that one minute video. And now we go back to Rob to share the >> we hope. >> Yeah. >> okay share screen >> again. I just want to explain like for those resources that it was shared with our panel member we are going to collect all of those and I'm going to share that with including the slides that Rob is going to share now we are going to share with you thank you >> okay so you can see that all right better excellent so just wanted to talk about networking a little bit so the idea of what is networking and why are we doing it? So, look, the thing about networking and it was really interesting what Omar said about listening it's a two-way process. So, people who are just doing it for themselves will won't ultimately develop good and productive relationships. So, the question is and there's a little cartoon there to look about what some people think about networking, but why would you bother networking? And you've probably sort of heard a bit about it today that it's sort of come through. It's a lifelong career management skill. It's something that you need to you can start while you're still at university and you start building those skills. You can learn about areas that you're interested in and maybe not interested in. And so sometimes, you know, by talking to people in different industries, you think, "Wow, I really want to do that. " And other times you might think, "No, maybe that area is not for me. " You can get important tips from industry professionals. And it's a really important job search tool because it's a bit of a startling fact, but up to 70% of jobs are not filled by advertised positions or if they have been advertised, they're filled by someone who did some networking and got the inside running. So it is such an important skill and I just wanted to talk about a few things that you can do I guess to help you with your networking skills. Okay. Now the first thing to think about is you already have a really good network. You've got lecturers, classmates, peers. The people that you study with your peers can become a very important network as time goes on. So and it's also important to talk to the people in your existing network who may be able to help you as well as start building your network. And interesting that one of the panelists was talking about before that was Andrew about using LinkedIn and I think Sadi was talking about Tik Tok as well. So social networking is a really powerful tool. So we won't really have time to do this activity but you'll see that in your exist there are a lot of people in your existing network. So you've got your family your friends pe people you work with your people in the community people you might play sport with or do other activities people at uni and other people. So, one of the things I challenge you to do is to think about who are the people in your existing network that you people you know already that could help you with your career. And it's really it's really important to start talking to those people now. And often it's not the people that you know the first level connections, it's the second level connections. You might know