help our clients better use their assets and their infrastructure in the health sector. Before this I was a process engineer. So I worked as a pharmaceuticals process engineer and that's my background as a chemical and environmental engineer. So I was looking after the continuous improvement of manufacturing processes on site. Outside of that in line with I guess the theme of networking and communication I'm also the chair of Young Engineers Australia Victoria division. So it's a special interest group under Engineers Australia where we provide networking and networking opportunities and professional development opportunities for young engineers which I assume as part of STEM some of you here might be. And yeah so that's that's me. >> Thank you Omar. And now I would like to invite Andrew to introduce himself. So we have this popular panel discussion and Andrew was one of those who come every year. Thank you so much Andrew. >> thanks for having me bit. This is a fantastic opportunity to talk with people who like me really like STEM. So glad that I can talk to you a little bit and what I want to talk to you about is the role of government as a as a career in STEM. And what I'd like to let you know is that whatever your first job is in STEM it may not be the job you finish up in with STEM. So I worked with the Western Australian government and I worked with the Victorian government for around 20 years and I wor I started off as a researcher in the Western Australian government but I al then found out that research is fantastic but it provides the evidence for policy which is the decision- making instrument. So the people who made decisions were actually in the policy space. So I moved across into the policy space and that was in the field of ecology or and bio security. But then I moved into science more generally and worked with Victoria's lead scientist. So, , the latest things that I've been working on with Victorian lead scientists are things like quantum computing and, , trains and trans in Victoria. And, , what's really exciting about that is it's new, it's innovative, and it's industry facing as well, but it builds on the skills that I have as a STEM practitioner. It's around systems, it's around communication, it's around engagement. So, I can highly recommend the career in government. It's diverse, it's fun. I've never had a boring day in the office or in the field as an ecologist. So definitely can guarantee you a good career in government. >> Thank you so much, Andrew. I guess I want to go with Rob, but I want to check with Sam. Do we have Fergus in our member? Okay. Maybe he we want u we are going to have him later. So Rob, we are going to invite you to introduce yourself. Then I'm going to start asking those questions from the panel member pro please from the students. If you have any question write it down be ready to write it down in the chat and Sam is going to share with the panel member now. Here we go. So Rob, >> yeah, thanks Peter. Well, hello everybody. I'm I'm Rob Vegan. I'm the team leader of the career services area at Swinburn, but I'm actually started my career with a with a STEM degree. I did I did electrical engineering way back in the day at Melbourne University. And I worked for a number of years with what was telecom that became Telra. I then I really thought I don't really want to work so much with the technical side. So I ended up going back and doing a dip head and becoming a secondary teacher. So I taught mathematics and physics for quite a few years. And I got interested in the career side of things as well. Having done some further study I end up I ended up moving into the tertiary sector. So I'm now working at Swinburn. Been here for five years and as part of my role in the careers team as the team leader I'm actually I have my I guess portfolio is the science area. So I'm really interested in careers in STEM and science generally. So it's really I'm really pleased to be here today with this great panel. Thanks Peter. >> Thank you Rob. Thank you so much panel. So I guess I just want to start with the same question that I wanted the p you know the audience of this meeting to start reflecting. So I want to ask all the panel member to consider you are the students go back travel to the you know the time and then go back and imagine of yourself when you were in you know I like a STEM area and as a student and similar to our audience most of our audience there are you know science students or STEM students in their bachelor degree and I want your opinion at that time and now how did you feel about STEM communication or any communication and then the importance of that in the current or your future of your job. So maybe if you can reflect on that. So I start maybe I just start with the first one and you can go ahead with the answers. Omar do you want to start answering that questions because I know that you are graduated recently maybe you can imagine of that time. Yeah so just to understand so you're asking back then what I saw as the importance of STEM communication and sorry what was the second part >> and then how that helps you to bring to your position right now in that organization that you're working or in that role that you're working. >> Yeah absolutely. So I guess when I was in university I understood and there was a lot of emphasis on the fact that as you know STEM students or for myself as a as an engineering student that we need to be able to communicate information to non-technical or just an audience that's not you know very familiar with the content that we're presenting. , and that's something that kind of I guess was one of the challenges that I faced and especially when it comes to I guess more of the public speaking side of things and networking as well. But as I progressed I guess and now that I'm in my professional career as a consultant I see that it's actually really important just because part of my day-to-day job and most of my time is spent in workshops and meetings and presentations with clients and I need to be able to firstly convey the value or the information that I'm trying to present to them in a way that's easily understood and doesn't create you know unnecessary confusions. But at the same time, I need to also be able to listen like most of my job is just listening and understanding and absorbing that information that they're giving me so that I can actually take it away and do something useful with it and be able to give them the value that they're looking for. , so I guess for me it was it's it's not just about being, you know, it's it's one/ird communicating and being able to convey the information, but also two/3s receiving and I guess listening and understanding the information that's also being conveyed to you. , so you can put it in a useful format. >> Thank you so much, Omar. Guess I just want this an option to any panel member who wants to add to what Omar mentioned. So if any of you wants to be volunteer to think of yourself as a student and how the communication helps you to be successful in the job that you have today. >> I might just add to Omar's work because the ability to translate complex information into easily digestible context that the general public would understand is actually quite a useful skill to have. Regardless of whether you're working with a consultancy firm, working at a university, working for government, the ability to translate complex information simply is actually a real talent. , and it's , really important , particularly when you're working with others that don't necessarily have that technical field that you might have. >> Thank you. Andrew, is there any other points that you want to say? Like Debbie, do you want to add anything? Did you did think that you're going to be the journalist and you're going to communicate and communication is going to be your job? >> I did think communication was going to be my job, but not in the sense that it has been. , but just to build on what Omar and