# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Professional Networking with Confidence (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the first workshop and for those students who are in my communication unit welcome to your lecture week two. So I just want to quickly go through the introduction of this event start talking and of course I'm going to introduce our amazing panel member who are coming from different organization to discuss about the future STEM careers or to discuss about the different experiences or tips or opportunities that they are available for you behind the science degree. So I guess I would like to start the before we start I just want you to reflect and we are not going to talk about this poll but I want you to reflect about how do you feel about STEM communication and the importance of networking for your future job. So is that something that is important and you think that is you want to hear about the tips and advice? Do you think that I know I need to do it but I haven't really started yet. So I want you to reflect on that and if you think that I don't think that I will need to network in my career. So maybe we have different responses A B C please skip that and then we you want we are going to ask you at the end of the event. All right so start talking 2022 and this is the first workshop. So before I start I would like to go with the acknowledgement of country. On behalf of those present, I would like to acknowledge the traditional owner of the land on which we now meet. So I pay my respects to their elders, past and presents and emerging. I also pay my respect to all Aboriginal people of Australia and Malaysia. I know that our Malaysia Sowak students and I can see Irene. So I would like to welcome you and I hope the path towards reconciliation and to be shared and embarrassed. So with this acknowledgment of country I go ahead with what we are planning to do today. So again my name is beta and I am leading the shaping stem futures program which is a start talking is one of the competition that we are running and with me we have Sam. So Sam is a PhD student at Swimburn. She is a science active science communicator and she's the co-host of today's event and she's going to collect all of your questions that you would like to share with us and ask from the panel member in the chat room. So we are communicating through the you know events with Sam and we are hoping to have a very interactive session. So, and of course, this is our amazing STEM stakeholder panel. We have Dembi from and she's going to act as a journalist. We have Fergus. He's going to act as an you know the in represents entrepreneur. We have Andrew. I know that you join University of Melbourne, but still you are nominating the government because you work with nomin. And I think we have Sadia who is representing the indigenous community. We have Omar who is going to represent industry and we have Rob from employability. Anyway after I finish this intro they are going to be invited to introduce themselves and you are going to hear from them. The point is they are coming from different organizations. Second session is going to be the professional networking with confidence and of course this is the summary of the overview of a start talking. Again this is the first workshop where we are going to have a professional networking with the confidence and a workshop and then the second workshop is going to be storytelling video with Adobe rush. Of course we are using of Adobe application as an option to create 4minut video and that is the 4m minute video of your STEM idea or STEM passion with the social impact. Of course, there are some judging judges you know the judging panel are going to evaluate your you know form minute video and we have a price from judges and from people choice for the Venus at the end of this I think it's going the live showcase is going to be on Thursday 13th of October and we are going to as talk about this. So right now we because I want to invite our judging the panel members to introduce themselves and I can come back with more information about start talking at the end. So I guess now I would like to invite the maybe I start with Dembi to introduce so yourself and I go with all the panel member and I want you to just pitch yourself in do you know one or two minutes talk about what you're doing and you know and then we can come back to the questions. >> Okay thanks Peter. , hi everyone. I am here because I'm a journalist. , and I, so I'm a lecturer in the journalism department here at Swinburn, but prior to my academic career, I was a practicing journalist , mostly for Fairfax. And I used to work on quite a lot of science communication. So I was I'm a video journalist. These days I make documentary films, but when I was in the trenches as a jouro, I worked a lot on explainer videos that worked with researchers to get their the findings of their research out into the public discourse. So I worked with a team of animators and video producers and then we went into universities and grabbed academics who had really interesting research and turned their stories into news. So I have a I guess quite a breadth of experience as a science communicator and I think that's one of the reasons that VA invited me to join this panel. I'm really excited to see what you all do with this project. >> Thank you so much Dani. Now I would like to invite Sadia to introduce herself. >> good evening, good morning all. Before I begin, I would also like to acknowledge traditional owners. For me, it's the Dakota and Aujawi people, of I'm actually at the University of Minnesota right now, so it's very early morning for me, but very privileged and proud to be able to be working on their land right now. I am a Warajger scholar, so my community is from the middle of like central New South Wales. I'm the academic director indigenous research and a senior abstana research fellow within the mandani tumbodol center at swinburn. I chair the indigenous research committee at Swinburn and I'm the president-elect of the national aberinal and touristra islander higher education consortium. So we're the main consultative body for ainal people working in higher education. So we talk to the federal department of education and training and we also work really closely with universities Australia. , so my job really consists of creating those really important relationships within the university. I wrote the indigenous research strategy here at Swinburn and so it's really making sure that we're embedding that across the institution and ensuring that our practice is as ethical as can be that we're creating really genuine partnerships with ainal trana communities that we work with whether it's undergraduate placements post-graduate research or research more high intense research that our researchers do such as ARC or MAH MRC grants within my role I sit on the well I myself have been appointed to the Australian to the Australian Research Council's College of Experts. So this year I assessed a number of DECA grants and that was really exciting to see all the amazing research done by our early career researchers and so yeah basically a lot of what I do is facilitating that journey. I speak at science meet parliament which was really cool this year and just making sure that we really are creating those awesome partnerships and doing really impactful good work with our communities. Thank you so much Sadia for joining us. And I would like now to invite Omar to introduce himself. >> Hi everyone. My name is Omar. I'm a senior consultant in KPMG working on asset management engineering and asset management. So predominantly I work with the health infrastructure sector to help our clients better use their assets and their infrastructure in the health sector. Before this I was a process engineer. So I worked as a pharmaceuticals process engineer and that's my background as a chemical and environmental engineer. So I was looking after the continuous improvement of manufacturing processes on site. Outside of that in line with I guess the theme of networking and communication I'm also the chair of Young Engineers Australia Victoria division. So it's a special interest group under Engineers Australia where we provide networking and networking opportunities and professional development opportunities for young engineers which