time it I've learned it over time. I've worked out what I'm good at and I've worked out what I'm not so good at as well. So being self-aware is a key part of that. >> So I guess that's the same question for the panel member. What unique characteristics it's help you to cope with these barriers? Because I know that from students you know experience I hear a lot that this is very challenging for them and they don't know how they should start working on it. So what are the advice or tips that you would like to share with them? >> I guess I might have a go at this. So for me personally one of one of the ways that I've gone about this was participating in extracurriculars. So you don't have to be doing something you know special or getting internships that puts you to make you do that you can also just by doing extracurriculars at university or joining professional associations and going to these networking events is something that's really helped me. So as I was graduating before graduating I was on committees at university for one of the one of the student societies and then as I was graduating and I was having a think you know how am I going to keep doing this in the in the real world when I'm out of university that's when I started to go to some of the networking events with professional associations. , so have a look in your field, see what professional association there is that covers your field and start to go to these networking events because , the way that I worked on it is I just went I was really uncomfortable at first, really out of out of place to be honest. , talking to all these professionals and I'm just a, you know, a student and final year student and don't really have any experience. , but having these convers conversations and putting myself in these situations really helped me develop the confidence to be able to just talk to people and network and in time that's actually helped me as well now as the chair of a committee in a professional association it helped me push it even further and that public speaking aspect to be able to present to you know larger groups of people and stuff. So that's that's personally that's that's my tip that's helped me a lot with building that confidence for to communicate. >> Thank you Omar. So you are telling me I hear like you're telling me providing this opportunity for students to compete that is just an opportunity for students to practice. So I encourage everyone to come and practice in a start talking competition when you are going to come up with four minute video with the social impact of your selected STEM idea. So I think I hear from Amar. So Sadi do you want to join us with this conversation? What is your tip at advice? >> Yeah so I was probably going to talk about a similar thing. So I think volunteering is incredibly helpful. That helps you find your voice. Particularly if you start that process in undergrad. So I did a lot of student volunteering. I was the president of the National Student Association. That kind of stuff allowed me to raise my voice a little bit more I think than it would have otherwise. And we do have our university student societies as well. So I think that's really awesome. And they're also a really good social function as well. Not only allows you to have to broaden your social circles, but also if you're talking to people outside of your discipline, you can start having that conversation about what you do and you really that allows you to be really flexible with your language and broaden how you how you talk about what you do. I think really for me it's also find your passion. So I really had to find my passion in studies. I didn't actually finish high school. , and I started university doing a business degree and found that I was not very good at it. , , so I really had to find what I was passionate about. , and then follow that journey. And so there's some element that you love about what you're studying and that's why you're studying it and why you're seeking a degree in that. And I think it's really important to hold that really close and go, okay, what can I do in this? Can I go out and do you know can I can I join a society like that or is there a volunteer other external volunteering opportunity is there internships I've done a few fellowships so I did a fullbrite so I went to America to an American university those kind of things that allow you to grow your experience in life as well and then see in practical ways how what you're passionate about in your degree can be applied when you've got your degree and you're going off and you're starting your journey post university. Thank you so much Sadia that was very valuable points and I can hear that you're suggesting us to practice and using the resources that is available to you in your community and I guess I would like to hear from Dembi what is your tips what you are suggesting a students to cope with these barriers and >> Sure yeah I think I think everyone else has made amazing points, so I won't talk for very long, but I like to use the learning to drive a car analogy with my students a lot. It's, you know, what you're asking yourself to do at university is learn all this new stuff that you have no experience with and you're an absolute beginner at it. And for most of us, the most recent time we've been an absolute beginner at something before uni is when we learn to drive a car. And no one would have passed their driving exam on the first occasion that they got behind the wheel. It takes practice and being a learner in that space of absolute novice is frustrating. It can be upsetting. It requires a lot of patience. It requires you to accept being bad at something before you can get good at the something. And I think if you can hold that same attitude that you brought to learning to drive a car or whatever was the most recent skill that you acquired from scratch, if you can hold that for yourself throughout your not just your learning journey at university but beyond into your career, then you really set yourself up for the work environment that we're all in now where your learning doesn't stop when you get your degree. We are all constantly having to learn new skills and to work with new technologies that didn't exist 5 years ago. And those of us who thrive and enjoy that challenge of being a novice again have a really inspiring and enjoyable time being constant noviceses at something new. And those of us who really struggle in that environment who are hard on themselves who have negative self-t talk those are the people who really struggle with technology and find themselves sort of tapping out early in their career and going oh I can't do X thing or I can't advance any further because I'm not good at learn this learning new stuff thing. So try and hold dear that part of you that little spark of you that's okay with being bad at something so that you can continually evolve and get good at those things. All right. Thank you so much. Rob, do you want to add anything or I can join to the I can start the next question with you. >> I'll just No, I would just say I see a lot of students and the ones who have really good communication skills inevitably are the ones that have had a customer service type role in some way, shape or form, part-time job, volunteer, whatever. So taking those opportunities to work or volunteer where you're going where you do get to talk to people a lot and you develop those skills and it comes naturally. It's amazing how that you can really see that in a student when you're talking to them if they if they've had that experience. So encourage you to take opportunities and put yourself out there whenever you get a chance to do those sorts of things. >> Thank you Rob. I guess now I want to move to the next question where we are talking about STEM career okay and the requirements of the skills for the future. So of course we are like a panel member the majority like we have