Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the topic where we are going to cover today with our amazing guest speakers. They are going to be shortly with you and basically I'm going to be the host. My name is Bita and I'm coming from the school of science here at Swinburn University of Technology in Melbourne and we are going to have this topic beyond inclusion embedding first nation knowledge in sustainable community design whether you are one of the students in our unit built and sustainable communities or whether you are passionate about this topic. So this is a place for you and you are welcome to join us to this dialogue. So we hope to have maybe a short Q&A at the end but we I would like to consider this starting point for our topic and session and I would like to pass to Teresa and Miranda so they can also go to the acknowledgement of the country. Thank you so much Teresa and Miranda for accepting our invitation. Very excited to be part of this dialogue. Thank you. >> Hello everyone. Good afternoon. So I'm Teresa. So today we're going to be talking about beyond inclusion and embedding first nations knowledge into sustainable community design. And that's we're basically going to touch over what it in what country was like for 65,000 years prior to invasion and how we can use some of that knowledge and bring that sort of focus of sustainable community into sort of the contemporary societies we're currently living in. Awesome. I'm going to jump on and give an acknowledgement of country. And then after I do that, I'm going to give you just a little couple of fun facts and tips and tricks about giving acknowledgement to country just before we jump into the rest of the lecture just because I know that it's a really important part of all of our reconciliation journeys. So without further ado, I'd like to acknowledge the Gimmo, Walabar, Yandingi, Yurangji, and Jabagai people as the traditional custodians of the land that I'm speaking to you from today. I'd like to pay my respects to elders past, present, and our emerging leaders and extend that acknowledgement to traditional custodians of all of the lands you're dialing in from. I'd like to acknowledge the Murray, the Koreies, the Nunga, the Alongu, the Nanga, the Palawa, and our Toristra Islander brothers and sisters. I'd like to acknowledge the sea, the sky, the forest, the scrub, and the lands that tell our stories. I'd like to acknowledge the dreaming and our ancestors and as Theresa said, the 65,000 years of history we have on this great continent. I'd like to acknowledge indigenous peoples from all over the world and also our non-indigenous brothers and sisters for we are all children of mother earth and the future is ours to shape. Maraba, thank you. Always was, always will be Aboriginal land. Now to jump into some fun facts. What is an acknowledgement of country? And why do you hear the term welcome to country? This is always one of those things where it's, you know, kind of like the big fun fact, but it also can leave people really confused, right? So acknowledgements of country can be done by anybody from anywhere around the world at any time. Acknowledgements are a great way to show respect and break down some of those barriers when you're speaking with First Nations peoples or you're out on country. It's about, you know, I can't walk into Theresa's house and be like, "This is my house. I can acknowledge that it's Theresa's house, though. " Whereas a welcome to country is something that is purely reserved for the traditional custodians of the lands that they are from. So, as you can see, I just gave an acknowledgement of country because I am not from the lands up here in Can's Gimmo Finals, Queensland. However, if I was down in Tamworth, which you will learn a bit more about me shortly, I could give a welcome to country because those are the lands that I'm traditionally from. , I so acknowledgement of countries, they're not just formalities either. And like I said, it's a practice of respect and recognition and responsibility. Particularly in sustainability work. It reminds us that we're operating on lands that have been cared for by indigenous peoples for tens of thousands of years. It's a moment to pause and reflect on those knowledge systems we're drawing from. It's a moment saying, "Look at me reading my notes and getting all confused already. " >> , and whose sovereignty we must honor. So, when we're working with First Nations communities, this acknowledgement is the beginning of relationship building. It signals that we are listening, that we are accountable, and that we understand our place in a much deeper story. Now, how do you know whose country you're on? It's a really big question, and again, people can get really confused and it can get quite intimidating. Just Google it. Just Google it. Google is a powerful tool, and it's about time we use it. Sometimes there's so much information out there, it can get confusing. A good tip that I have is check your local council websites. Usually they will have a reconciliation action plan and part of that is to identify who the traditional custodians are and if they don't have them there are loads of different resources out there. So I would encourage you all if there's one thing you take out of this session it is to go and find out who the traditional custodians are of the land that you are on today. And I will throw back to Theresa I think in our next slide or actually it might still be with me for our introductions. Is okay. Still with me and then I'll throw to my titties. So, now that I've just yapped your ear off for a good minute and a half, who am I? My name is Miranda. I'm a proud Camilaroy woman with cultural connections to the Kuma and Yod nations. So, my mob are all down northern New South Wales, southern Queensland. However, like I said, I'm speaking to you from Gimmoy up here in Cann's far north Queensland. , I grew up in a really remote community up in the Gulf of Carparia. And so sustainable communities say is something very close to my heart because my little town had a population of about 600 people on a good day and often projects would just happen to us and we weren't necessarily informed in the conversation. I'm also an environmental scientist and indigenous stakeholder engagement consultant by trade. So I've worked in the industry for the past 5 years and now I'm in a new role as the tertiary program manager for the young indigenous women in STEM Academy. And that's me. I'll throw to titty girl Theresa. Hello everyone. , I'm Teresa. I'm Theresa Cochran. I'm a Dangi Gumbanga woman from the east coast of New South Wales. , but I have strong cultural connections to Birupa country, the land that I grew up on for the most of my life. And I also have strong cultural connections to Banelan country, which is the country that I'd like to acknowledge that I'm joining from and that I've will live on for the next month while I'm over on the east coast. So, I am a full-blown academic my whole life. I have just been in university from the moment I left school. I love everything to do with STEM. I love I love everything to do with the koala. So the koala is my totem species and it's the animal that I'm dedicating my career to sort of understanding. And the koala is what inherently connects me to the environment and to nature around. So as we talk a little bit more and we go into some of the later slides, we'll discuss the importance of sort of totem species and research and how they can help to connect people to community but also connect people to more sustainable practices by understanding the ecology of the land that they're growing up on. Yeah, so I work as a first nations researcher at Charles University. But I am also a PhD student at the moment and this is sort of one of the areas that is I'm really passionate about. Academy and Mirinda often sort of have these discussions because we come from different sides of the same spectrum of knowledge of like you know she's got the more stakeholder engagement the practical application whereas I come very much from the theory so you'll get a good mixture of like science from both how this actually can apply academically but then also how this comply can apply on the ground when you're working with community. So some housekeeping around the presentation. So, we kind of want to shape this as a bit of a yarn through. We're going to go through about 11 slides and each of them are going to be topics that are going to grow on each other. But I think it's really important that you ask questions as we go. So, if you feel confident, put your hand up. If not, just type it in the chat and we'll try and engage with these answers and these questions before we move on to the next slides. This is just so that if you've got something, you know, we want to create this so the concepts can be adapted to the learning that you're doing in your subject or your interests as well. We also want to preface this. We might not have the answers to everything, but if we have something that we can't answer, then we'll try and find some resources and then send them to bitter to send out to you guys so you can have a little bit more of a look. Yeah, but we want to make this as engagement as engaging as possible and yeah, really tune this like presentation to you guys. So these are some of the topics that we're going to go over. The first one is talking about indigenous Australians as the old the world's oldest living sustainable community. And we're talking about this period prior to pre-colonization, pre 1788 and what that sort of looked like as sort of an introduction to how indigenous Australians are and continue to be the oldest living sustainable community. Then we'll move a little bit onto the anthroposine and the capital scene. And if you don't know what those topics mean, don't worry. I will definitely give you a bit of an overview and sort of so you can understand them and sort of how this societal shift happened within western communities particularly in England and Europe and how that sort of has a flow on effect onto how we view communities now particularly in Australia but also internationally across the world. Then we're going to move on to sort of setting the scene and how colonization and the built environment play a role in the communities we have and how this plays into if we're living in sustainable communities or not. And then we're going to move on more into the content. Why indigenous engagement matters in sustainability. How we can turn from being consult for how we can move from consultation to actually collaboration and actually be working with people and having them involved in the process rather than just adding them on at the end or adding them on as a stage. Again, we're going to go into some examples from industry and research so you can sort of see where this topic grounds within both of our case studies and then more of a holistic approach for community design and how Australia could use some of this knowledge to benefit us in the future and currently and then also pathways for you guys going forward that we believe could be some tips or some industry expertise on how you know we can create a more sustainable Australia going forward. So the slides are also going to be pretty boring just because we wanted to really engage with like the conversation. So if you guys do want to say anything at any point, please do. Like I know it's like oh I don't want to type anything. We actually really would like that so we can talk to topics and really get you engaged with the conversation. So to start indigenous Australians the world's oldest sustainable communities. For me, growing up as an indigenous woman my whole life and having the privilege of being out in the environment, a thing that I always was told is like indigenous people have been here for 65,000 years. You know, some evidence across Australia is pointing that to 120,000 years ago, but I guess the common most accepted answer is 65,000 years ago. So 65,000 years is an uncomprehendable amount of time, right? I feel like all through high school, we all grew up with ancient history, right? Ancient history. When's ancient history? When we think of ancient history, I particularly and from my education at high school, we think of the pyramids in ancient Egypt. That's ancient history. That's so long ago. How much has society changed from ancient from the pyramids being built to where we are now. And I want to let you know that's about like 5 to 6,000 years old. 5 to 6,000 years. That is such a long time in response to what ancient history now add like 55,000 years like in on top of that is how long indigenous people historically and through archeological evidence have been on Australia. So if you think of oh my god how much has Egypt changed how much has the world changed in 5,000 years from ancient history like and how much knowledge have we have we developed how quickly has society moved how much practice and living with the land indigenous people have done now think of that at like 65,000 years right every single day waking up you're in the you're in the bush you're on country you know you're going down to a river system you know you're seeing the clouds change at certain times of the day and knowing if it's going to rain in 3 days, if it's going to rain in 10 minutes, if it's going to rain in a month. So, indigenous people relied solely off country and for 65,000 years. Like, I just want you to really I keep reiterating that because to me, it's just an unfathomable amount of time. And even I'm not sure where you guys are in your degree, if it's your first year, second year, third year. How much have you learned since, you know, since the beginning of high school? How much have you learned since you've started your degree? So much. Imagine that as a catalog of knowledge for 65,000 years, right? And so the thing about living with the environment and living on country and living within like with within this environmental space for so long is you can't take more than you need. And this is where the idea of sustainability comes from. If you go and you're like, oh, if we harvest too much of this crop, cuz indigenous Australians as prior to the beliefs were agriculturalists, they were horiculturalists. They did manipulate the land in similar forms to sort of live with it and to have enough resources. I would recommend everyone reading the book dark emu by Bruce Pasco. It really does introduce you to some of the myths around how indigenous people lived and I will talk about that a lot in the next slide. But you know, so you know, they knew that if they harvested too many kangaroos in summer or spring that next year they wouldn't be enough and that the environment would be impacted by that, that they wouldn't have enough food source and maybe they would go hungry. So when you live with something for so long and you rely on it every single day to live and to survive and to thrive, you have to make sure that what you're doing is sustainable. And this is where it comes the concept of the oldest the world's oldest sustainable community cuz again they harvest too much they're going to starve. They take too much I don't know cut too many trees down they're not going to have enough shade next year or they're not going to have enough for when they come back to that community to be able to build a new house. A lot of the resources that were used by indigenous Australians are also biodegradable. So you build a structure or you build you shape a river with fish traps after a big flood that would wash away. After, you know, they would go through and burn the land. This would biodegrade. You know, they build a shelter and after a year, 2 years, 3 years, it would naturally decompose. And this is also where it's sustainable because they're not adding resources to the environment, which you know, we have now where it's like plastic doesn't biodegrade very easily. And we're seeing like litter in the environment, you know, whereas with indigenous communities, everything they used was able to break down, decompose. But on top of these concepts as well, environmentally indigenous people were super sustainable in the way that they lived. But they also had to have sustainability linked into their family structures, into how they navigated a society, right? Not everyone could hold all of the knowledge of everything. And this is where like the concept of indigenous totems comes into it. So for me, like as a koala girly, it's my responsibility to know everything that I can around koalas. Same for Minda. Her totem is emu. It's her responsibility or if she chooses to know as much as she can around the emu so that if people are like oh you know can we go harvest the emu eggs and then Minda would be the person in that community they'll be like no there's not enough you know we need the population to continue to grow or yeah there's an overabundance you know their population is too much on the environment yes we can harvest a few it actually be better and this is where this like sustainability of society and responsibilities kind of started to structure how they interacted to make sure that there was enough for people at all times. Mind, would you like to add anything before? >> I think you definitely covered like all of it very well. I love like how you're touching on essentially First Nations communities like we weren't static societies back in the day as much as I guess the media has portrayed us that way. You know, we were dynamic, adaptive, and deeply scientific in our own right. Like Theresa was saying, there were people in each community who it was their job to know everything they could about a certain aspect of everybody's else's day-to-day lives. And you can think of that in a way as like they were the people that held the PhDs back in those days and everyone had their own PhD. And so it's this idea of intergenerational knowledge exchange and that in itself is very sustainable because everyone has their own specific role. Everyone shares their knowledge as well. There aren't any gatekeepers back in the day because the moment you gatekeep your community starts getting sick. Things start going wrong. And so community in itself and sharing, being part of a collective really helped First Nations communities to thrive for as long as they had. I think one thing that I always like to use to summarize these certain things, particularly from my experience working in the industry is we tend to label things as, you know, western industrialized versus first nations cultural. And there's so many overlaps like that example I just gave of the PhD when we talk about sustainability right it's the biggest buzzword at the moment sustainability everybody's pro like promoting sustainability there are entire like marketplaces in the industry at the moment for sustainable practitioners and then when we go out to communities on our projects we're doing stakeholder engagement and we've got traditional custodians talking about caring for country all of a sudden that's labeled differently as though it isn't sustainability when in actual fact it's the same practice. Caring for country and being aware of what the natural world is telling us as human beings is inherently a sustainable practice. We have to observe and make inferences to understand what's going on around us. And these are the same practice. It's just we sometimes feel like we have to translate it but it's identical. It's just two sides of the same coin. But yeah, I think I can throw back to Titter for the next slide. I'll just check the chat for any questions. Oh, okay. We got one in the chat here. Oh, sorry, Titter. Cut you off. We do have one. >> Yeah, we'll go first. No, no. >> Yeah, cool. , we've got one. Yeah, question in chat which is from U Me and it says, "How and when do these totem get totems get designated? " That's a really great question and I think it just comes back to every single mob is different. There's over 250 different language groups across Australia and every single one of them can be broken down into your nations, your language groups, your family group, kinship groups and every single one of them is different and all of them have also been slightly differently impacted through colonization as well. And so cultural expression is different. I think too something that's really important to understand when we're having these conversations is culture isn't stagnated. It doesn't just it's not the same that it was 65,000 years ago, but the flavors are still there. You know what I mean? And so it's not about I guess giving something a label to make it easy to understand that everything is the same. Another thing if it's find out whose country you're on and another thing to take away from this is just to ask. If you are ever working in the industry and you are on a project where you are engaging with First Nations communities, do not assume. Do your research and then ask. It's the easiest way to avoid getting into those pickly situations where yeah, you've made an assumption and oh, it was the wrong one. , Theresa and I have definitely got a lot of examples of those that we'll share later. , but yeah, we've just got one more come through from Emma. This is a bit of a loaded question, but as a non-indigenous person, how can I go about educating friends, family, or pointing them in the right direction to understanding the importance of the topics in the discussions today? Did you want to jump in, Tid? >> Yeah, I just want to touch on the last question quickly and then definitely jump into that. So for me for example like I didn't find out what my personal totem the koala was until I was sort of until I was doing my honors actually at university and I think that was like 21 22 like 20 2122 and the reason is I feel like I feel like I you know I knew from my dad growing up the whole time that my dungatti culture was the praying mantis which I have tattooed on my arm. So, you know, I knew this totem from a very young girl that the Dungatti totem is a praying mantis. And, you know, my mom's side of the family is not indigenous, but you know, growing up and sharing my culture with my granddad and with, you know, he's had a mass he just loved magpies. Loved magpies. You go into his house and it is like a lot of it Collingwood memorabilia, but just so much memorabilia of magpies. Anything magpie coded, he has. Again, I also have a tattoo of magpie on my arm. But you know, so these two totems I knew my whole life growing up that you know, my non-indigenous side of the family. In my undergrad, I always I grew up on koala country. So bureauai countries has one of New South Wales's largest populations of koalas. And I just always felt so connected to this animal. I did my work placement at the koala hospital. My honors focus was on the koalas. I did a special topics at uni and it was it was on koalas. And through all of that sort of stuff, I started researching my family history. And my great-grandfather, King Benolong, he his people, the Gmbanga people, his their totem was the koala. And I was like, it makes sense. Like I feel like there's this cultural connection to things that people have. And like for me, it was like I was always affinated. I was always had a love for koalas. And it just made so much sense that I was pursuing a career of koalas without even knowing the cultural connection I had to it or my family. And then I was sitting with a beer pie and they said to me, they're like, "You're a koala girl. You know that. " I was like, "Oh, really? " And they're like, "No, really, like I feel like that's your personal totem. I feel like you are going to spend your life saving the koalas whether you knew that you had that connection to it or not. " And I think that's sort of how I got my totem. And I know a lot of people, a few indigenous people will just like will go and interact with this animal and maybe they'll see they'll go for walks and they'll see heaps of cuckabaras and they'll be cuckabar is always following you. That's probably your totem, you know. So like again like I feel like it's this two-way relationship with country and with the environment that people have and I'm going to talk about that in the next slide a little bit. , as for the second question about having these discussions with your family and friends, I think it's really hard with the way that the Australian community and the Australian curriculum within schools has sort of I don't want to say brainwashed, but has sort of developed people's way of understanding the world. And particularly within Australia, a lot of people, particularly the older generations, have grown up with a culture that is sort of saying like, you know, we came here, this is our country. And obviously, yes, like it is everyone's country in some sense, but I feel like there's this like what is taught to us and a lot of myths are taught in high school and primary school and even into older age education around indigenous people's relationship to the land. And I think one of the best ways to sort of is to empower people. Be like, "Hey guys, we have the oldest living community and culture in the world. They have 65,000 years of knowledge. " Like if your family is farmer mob, like they love farming and cultivating crops. Like there is so much power to using indigenous knowledge to help ensure that their practices are actually designed for the land and can actually you know help you know so many Australian native crops and indigenous native crops are pest resistant to pesticides because they're used to it take less water as well so you don't have to be buying hundreds of liters of water because they're designed for the climate you know they some of them are even healthier than for the body because they're not as processed and they can make a lot of the same food. Like I know so many native grains that are used exactly the same way that flour is, you know, but it's like this knowledge that people just don't want to hear. But when you sort of empower people to be like, hey, this is like something that's so incredible for us and is so welld designed for our country. Why are we not engaging with it? Like why are we not engaging with practices that can sort of make our society, you know, more sustainable but then also have more benefits in return. Munda, do you want to speak to that? >> Yeah, I did just pop, I guess, a little like quick answer in the chat, but I think too one thing that's really important to note and it's something it's a transferable skill every single one of you on the call has. You just don't realize it yet. So we are where we were 30 years ago talking about sustainability is where we are right now talking about engaging with First Nations people. So every single one of you have probably heard the term oh you're a tree hugger you're never going to get a do you're never going to get a job with that degree like you know environment this environment that blah. How do you approach those conversations when your family members bring them up? We all live here. We this we've only got one planet you know using those particular skills and then just being like hey you know I sat in on a lecture we talked about this did you know or finding things that you enjoy about sharing and engaging with first nations culture and coming at it from a place of enjoyment because some people can absolutely get defensive when they don't know things and so Theresa and I have pretty much dedicated our entire professional careers to educating people around First Nations topics And people who are in this call, you're in here because you wanted to learn. Not everybody does. And so you kind of have to approach individuals with their level of, I guess, reciprocity. Like, are you talking to a brick wall? Are you going to win that fight? Are you going to show someone a piece of music by a First Nation artist and they're going to listen to it and love it, or are they just going to be like, I'm going to listen to that? Like, it's really about picking the places that you want to spend your energy. Theres and I have had so many really difficult conversations with big heavy hitters across Australia and we're not willing to back down from those. But when it's your first time being like, "Oh, you know, I want to engage in this and I don't know how. " Don't put the weight of your world on your shoulders because we need our allies to be in this fight as much as we can. And so take a sustainable approach to that. If yeah, this whole thing is going to be about sustainability. Whether it's the built environment, whether it's your mental health, whether it's advocacy, sustainability 100% comes into play. So, really great question. Hope that helped. >> And I think too, I think Miranda sort of touched on it earlier around how so we've all seen the indigenous map of Australia and this sort of links into the sustainable community. So each of those different countries, and I wish I had it up on the screen, but each of those indigenous countries have their own set of laws, have their own set of ways of knowing, being, and doing, and how they lived on the land. The stuff that would work for, say, the East Coast mob, like a Dangi girl, like I grew up on coastal country with a completely different ecosystem, set of animals to where Minda grew up on Gimway country. You know, I my whole life never seen a crocodile. Crocodile is her country. Like we don't have the same understanding because we're so we have different laws, different stories, different ways of interacting with the environment, different ways of interacting with ourselves. You go across to another country like another indigenous country in Northern Territory or on Western Australia in desert mob, they've got different plans, they've got different systems, they've got different ways of living that is so unique to them, a different language. And the way that we like to explain it is when you see that map, just think of that map as the map of Europe. Every single country, France, Italy, Germany, all of those countries, it's it's the same in Australia. All of them have their own language, they have their own plants, they have their own culture, they have their own foods, they have their own ways of living sustainably, you know, and that is determined on what is present in the environment, you know. And if you think about Australia like that, then it will allow you to sort of understand the uniqueness of all of these cultures because I think one of the big things that happens is indigenous Australians are often put across or if you're Aboriginal, you know, they put it across everyone being the same or cultures the same. That's not the case. Each one of those communities you see on the IATS map is unique and is different to itself. And once we start breaking down and thinking of how much knowledge 65,000 years have, you know, we can start to sort of understand the complexity of Australia and how we can sort of use that knowledge going forward. So we're going to move on to the next slide just to sort of start setting the scene and sort of moving on to some of the more conversations around sustainable communities. Now, so one of the things I like to teach my students around is a concept of the anthroposine. And I'm not sure if you guys have touched it, but I studied at the University of Oxford last year and within the University of Ox there is a there are people cutting trees down outside. I don't know if you can hear that sound. >> Okay. >> Yeah. I can hear it and I was like, "Oh my god, please no. " Anyway, sorry. So, when I was studying at Oxford, I was doing a masters of philosophy over there and one of the things we were learning about is the concept of the anthropocine. And it's new and arising within the scientific in the environmental and the social norm. So we all maybe know what an epoch is. So basically an epoch is a state of time. So you've got the Jurassic period which would have been an epoch made up of different little layers that sort of help determine Austral sorry the world's history based on different geographical time scales. So we're currently in the hol seat which is where humans started to evolve to sort of come out of the trees if you believe in evolution obviously sort of started to come out of the trees to work and interact with the environ. And so what the discussions are having in Oxford at the moment and they were having when I was studying there is this concept called a new epoch called anthrocy and it's developed from the nation that people are starting to impact the world in such a unsustainable matter that we can't that we need a new eo we need a new geographical time to talk about how much impact we're having on the time and so the conversation the anthroposine is coming from anthropo which is like people when you think of like and are seen as like a new egg. So many discussions across the world will talk about you know when did the anthroposine start right did it start with the megapornal extinctions 50,000 years ago by indigenous people and hunter gatherer communities was it when communities transferred over to agricultural so when they were stop being sort of hunter gatherers and went into these agricultural communities is it when we started doing industrialization and we started having factories within our communities particularly over in western in the UK and Europe is it when we started to have the enlightened pyramid where we started separating ourselves from nature with this idea of cartisian jewel dualism that it's people and the environment are separate and not intertwined. Is it when we started to develop plastic or mine for crude oil and start mining for minerals or is it when the atom bomb sort of went off and this sort of changed our environments. So a big controversy around the concept anthroposy is that it puts the blame on every single person that lives in the world that we're all responsible for the degradation of the environment for living unsustainability unsustainably and for taking more than we need from the environment. And as an anti- capitalist girly, we love that a concept is called the capitalist scene which talks around that as our societies developed to follow capitalism, we also started to develop an unsustainable relationship with the environment and with nature and with ourselves. So a big conversation is around the correct naming of it. And so for me with this slide I kind of wanted to talk around with the growing of capitalism we started to see nature as a commodity rather than something that we lived with and we integrated with. And when you start to see nature and the environment as a commodity as something that we can take that we're above and that we have more that is used as a resource for us we start to have a problem because we start to live as though we are better than the rest of the environment than the rest of the natural world. We can take as much water as we want because we need that more. We need that water to sell it. You know, we can we can cut all these trees down in an ecosystem because we need the wood to build houses. You know, we can we can go and change land for agricultural needs so that we can start having, you know, these sources of food and not really think about the environmental degradation and the unsustainable practice of that because we are more interested in using it as a commodity. So for me I believe that and this is my opinion but I believe that we started to become an unsustainable communities across the world when we started to separate people as separate from nature because when you separate when you have this separation you again you use the land as though it's something that we can control and with that we're now seeing in around our time period now the flow on effects of that you know we have unhealthy rivers that people really can't go and drink in drink from. We're clearing land at such alarming rates that, you know, in Australia, we're within the period of a mass extin, the six mass extinction, you know, and this isn't sustainable. We have toxins in the air because we're like, oh no, we can we can have all of these , you know, this transport, you know, we can live unsustainably and it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. But the ideology of the way that we're living now comes from our euroentric sorts of ways of being. When we moved from living with nature to controlling nature with agriculture. When we moved to living in these townships with industrialization and being like no we want factories. We want to be able to mine the land for resources. When we started with the period of enlightenment where we was sort of seeing that we that God created human and that human was better than the rest of the environment. So these sorts of like values and morals have trickled its way throughout history and become the common norm. And when this has become the common norm, it means that our common way of living is unsustainable because again we're separate to the environment. It's something that we can use. And I don't believe in that and I feel like probably a lot of you don't believe in that with the subjects that we're doing. But again, this is the way that the environment is inherently understood in Australia and this is how our communities are living unsustainably. So it's it's just it's really important to think when we're trying to create a sustainable practice within Australia, how we can build and how we can utilize sustainability, it's important to think of where did these unsustainable practices come from. Because you can make all the changes you want now in our current period of time, but unless you understand the history of this or where this sorts have come from, like you need to be able to understand the problem to then solve the problem. Cuz you can try and solve the problem as much as you want, but without understanding the historical context and how normalized it is in our culture to be unsustainable, you're never going to be able to. You can try, but you know, to make real impacts, you've got to look back to look forward. , yeah. So the as we go on to the next slide, it will kind of make a little bit more sense of talking about this. But I just I just really want to keep in your mind the shift of society within, you know, within Europe, within England, who created sort of the world that we're living in today with colonization and think of that in context and relation with indigenous communities as well and how their different way of living and their morals and philosophies differ to how different communities are now present within our society. Ra, would you like to say anything? You're on mute to the girl. >> Nailed it. I knew I was going to get myself with the mute button at least once. Yeah, I guess just to sum it all up in a nice little package, even though Teddy, you did an amazing job and honestly I was kind of listening to learn to be honest with you. You can sort of look at it in a way that before invasion Euro Western societies were already shifting towards industrial industrialization, enclosure and resource commodification. So understanding this history helps us to reframe sustainability, not as a neutral concept, but one that's been shaped by power and profit and dispossession. And I want to make it very clear that everything Theresa and I are talking about in this setting, it's not about guilt. It's not about blaming anybody. It's about clarity and the opportunity to do better. So we can't actually move forward and make informed decisions if we're refusing to acknowledge what's actually happened previously. And that leads me into Me's also asked another incredible question which I'm not going to lie, Theresa and I could literally talk about this for hours so we'll try to keep our answers kind of short. And so she's asked how has the introduction of foreign organisms especially plant and fungi affected Australia's native ecology? That's a huge one. It's honestly the impacts are surreal particularly in places where we have our major capital cities for example. So to give you a industry example I worked quite a bit on the Sydney Aeratropolis project. So they're basically building a new Sydney west of Sydney to facilitate a new international airport. And in the conversations with traditional custodians in Sydney, which relates to your question, there's only a few of them. There's not a very big population of First Nations people. That are traditional custodians of Sydney because they were kind of like D-Day of invasion. And they're very aware that basically the ecosystem as their ancestors knew it no longer exists because Sydney has been so developed and even as sustainability has evolved itself where we used to go from let's just plant trees. Planting trees is going to fix things. Now we know you have to plant specific trees that are native to a particular area in order to facilitate the ecological regrowth of those ecosystems. And so traditional custodians are very aware that in certain pockets of Australia, the original fauna and flora no longer exists. And so it's about doing that reflective practice of what did it used to look like? How can we get it back to as close as practically possible? And these sorts of projects obviously have financial and timeline constraints that make it very difficult. But yes, basically the impact has been huge in particular areas. That is not to say to lose hope because as the industry and as academia evolves, obviously we can look further and further into the past to infer what you know life would have been like prior to the impacts that we now have. Titter, I know you probably want some two cents in that. >> I do. So one of the really when I think about introduced species I think of it from a euro euroentric again a euroentric sort of mindset. A lot of the ways in which these which native which invasive species have been introduced into Australia are not done intentionally right. So where I don't know if you guys know the invasive species Lantana horrific for the environment because it's a shrub that grows and it's thick bushy shrub that suppresses the growth of native species underneath because they don't get enough sunlight. Right? So this was introduced not because like oh we want to introduce it and buck up the environment. No, no. It was introduced because this lady, Lady Inis, just loved the look and the smell of it and wanted it in her garden. But it's something like that where it's like this lack of understanding of the impacts of this. You know, same with the introduction of rabbits. A lot of rabbits, I think a lot of rainbow trout as well were introduced into the Australian ecosystem because they wanted to bring the culture and the lifestyle that they had over in Europe and in England and bring that to Australia cuz they, you know, they wanted to hunt for rabbits like they did back, you know, where they did back in England. They wanted to fish for trout because that's the culture that they had. So a lot of the ways in which these species are introduced is done because they just they want they wanted to bring that lifestyle over and the access they had to this country. And you know I think it's like now that we look back we're like oh that was kind of I wish you didn't do that but you know we're here now with these introduction of these species. And while some of them have significant impacts on the environment, a lot of Australian animals and plants don't understand that they're bad. And I want to preface this around the example of Lantana. And it's it's kind of like the devil's advocate, I guess, for the plant, but Australian birds, especially little shrub birds, they love Lantana because it gives them good ground. It gives them good coverage. The flowers, they can pollinate from the flowers. They use it for nesting. So to the ecology of this bird, the plant is really good for little flying birds to use lantana. But on an ecosystem level, it's really bad. So because it suppresses native grass, which mean other animals like kangaroos don't have enough of a food source. You know, some of them lantana actually is like a stem cell plant. So you plant lantana and it can pretty much adapt to every ecosystem, which is really cool for the plant. Not great for Australia. But I think I think our understanding of species also depends on society. I know I've had my best friend is a horse girl and we love that for her, but she loves horses and we have we have controversy around Brumies in Mount Kiosa National Park cuz she loves them like they're such a beautiful animal. They're great. And I was like, "Yeah, but they're really bad for the environment. " But she's like, "Oh, but you know, it's such it's such a stature of like of culture, you know, and so even as the questions before, like we have to change people's understanding of invasive species and foreign organisms by understanding their connection to them. " Similar to the questions before, when you understand someone's connection to something or their knowledge around something, then it gives you that way of sort of developing back, yeah, they are a beautiful animal, but they're not good because their hooves aren't designed for the for the ground, right? And that's a big thing cuz they have these impacts which are negative but they are beautiful. I do agree, you know. So I could talk about that forever but we have so many questions coming through and I love that. >> actually that was just me yaming in the chat >> so that we can move on. >> Yeah, perfect. I think we have one more. Are we able to advocate for our local communities to bring back these native flora or just regular members of society? I think when it comes to this advocation, I think it's like our responsibility as we learn to make this change and advocate as much as possible. I think indigenous ways of knowing and be doing have been so silenced within the Australian community and as Miranda said like we're coming to a point where 30 years ago this was a conversations of sustainability and we're having more people understanding these impacts and you know and sort of changing the narrative of this embedded Eurowestern society that has been the foundation of Australia and you know now we're sort of coming to a place where like people are listening like scientists are starting to realize, oh, if we do use like native species or if we do listen to indigenous people who understand how an ecosystem works, like we're going to have better ecosystems. We can't just plant a thousand eucalyptus species for a koala habitat. We have to we have to plant like acacas, we have to plant lefistammans, we have to plant different species that they actually eat, you know, we have to have ground cover. And once we have all of this, then we create a thriving ecosystem rather than just being like koalas eat eucalyptus. Let's plan a hundred of those because that's not sustainable, right? It's solving a problem, but then that problem will continue to perpetuate. , yes. Okay, let's move on to the next slide. Certain slides we will yarn for days. , and then I think this is you to the girl. >> Awesome. Thank you. All right, so like we were saying, colonization in Australia wasn't just about land theft. It was about redesigning the landscape to reflect European values. And I did pop a link in the chat to a series called Eat the Invaders, which is presented by Tony Armstrong. He's a brother and it's a great series that really talks to, I guess, the history of how we have changed the Australian landscape. So 10 out of 10 would recommend that. , and so planning systems were imposed without regard for existing cultural landscapes, sacred sites, or ecological knowledges. Roads, fences, and cities disrupted millennial year old relationships with country. But despite this, First Nations people have maintained cultural continuity, adapting and resisting through strength-based practices. Today, we have a chance to reimagine the built environment, not as something imposed, but as something as co-created with indigenous communities grounded in respect and reciprocity. And so, again, we have to understand the true history before we can make these properly informed decisions about how we create a more sustainable future. Do you have anything to add to that, T? Definitely. So again as I was saying before in the second slide, I feel like that was the last slide. When we think about how Europe has shifted as a community from hunter gatherer to agriculture to industrialized to the periods of enlightenment and so they their view of how a society should live and function is very built up buildings. Like when I went to Oxford, I was literally standing there in front of this building that was built in like 1,300, right? And I'm like, "Oh my god, this is like 750 years older than like my country. " Like I was like, you know what I mean? Like it was like this idea of these cities and these civilizations that have been around for hundreds of years longer than, you know, Australia has even been Australia in quotation marks has even been established, right? So when they came to Australia, the concept of Terranolius is that, oh, they're not using this land because, you know, they don't have buildings. They don't have agriculture like we're used to. You know, they're not mining the land and using the land as we do. And it's not that they weren't, it's just it looks different because their way of having a township in a city was having big structures, right? Is having farms set out with, as Miranda said, fences, right? And when you come here and you see a land that looks like a natural place that they're not that they're used to, of course they're going to have these views that it's you know they're not indigenous people aren't doing much with the land you know like so we can come and take these resources and you know and this sort of mentality was sort of inbuilt. It was just they didn't have an understanding of this cultural difference. And because they didn't have this understanding of the cultural difference, it sort of imposed that I guess western euroentric ways were superior ways of looking in like navigating. And what that meant through colonization is it disrupted how first nations people were able to interact with the land and how they were able to have these cultural practices. , yeah. I don't know if you want to add more to that. >> No, you nailed it. >> And I guess like within that space as well, like I often think like say even in Australia, like what is natural? Like when we think of a natural ecosystem, obviously you'll think of like a national park or you'll think of a I think a lot of people maybe not you guys I'm just making an assumption. Obviously I don't know this is factual for you guys but I think a lot of people often think that a natural area or a wilderness area is free from people and that's not incorrect like that is the mentality that has come from you know euroentric ways of knowing being that people are separate from the environment. You know to have a natural area we need to be separate from it. You know that people can't be living and interacting with it. You know that and that is where this separation of people in the environment is really detrimental because for 65,000 years indigenous people have been stewards of this country. You know a lot of our species germinate through fire. A lot of our seeds, a lot of our plants will need fire to actually to continue to live and to have their lifestyles. And when you remove these indigenous practices through particularly colonization, we're seeing detrimental sort of aspects of the environment, woody plant encroachment, you know, we're having severe bush fires because native burning isn't happening. And that sort of was the practice like fire is so important to our country. And when we don't maintain and sustainably burn these lands and environmentally steward these lands, then we're seeing these unsustainable practices and these unsustainable types of country and the environment. Yeah. So I think next slide. Oh, there's a question. >> yeah, I will probably talk about that at the end when we get to it. But thank you for that question actually. I would love to y about that. Very good question. >> , if I'm going to jump in on these ones, just prefacing that I can absolutely yabber on about these because it was literally my job for the last 5 years. , I did want to just throw back to what Theresa was saying with like the disconnect between humans and nature, right? And I think it's something very important that every single one of you that are doing this course, you feel something towards the environment. You feel a connection and that is something to be cherished. I think people often feel like they're not allowed to feel connected to country because it's been labeled as such a first nations thing and that is just society trying to turn us against each other. Humans through evolution have been connected to the environment. It is how we have survived and so you are absolutely 1,00 bazillion gazillion% meant to feel a connection to country. Every single one of us on this call has a special place in the world that is our place. Whether it's the beach, whether it's a field, whether it's a meadow, whatever it is, the only difference that we, I guess, give acknowledgement to when speaking about First Nations culture is here in Australia, First Nations people have custodianship of country. And that is the inherent fact that their ancestors for thousands and thousands of years have protected and cared for country. And so that is a layer of connection that no one here in Australia can have apart from first nations people. But you can absolutely have a very deep connection to country here in Australia. It's just not custodianship. So do not let the media divide you on that. Please. Now, to jump into this, and that little segue leads into this a lot, because when we're talking about engaging with First Nations community, particularly when you're in a job and you're going out, you're speaking with stakeholders, you've got a project, you know, you're juggling timelines and finances, and then you're speaking with people. Bring that back and remember that you're talking with people. It is not your job to be offended by what any auntie or uncle says. It is not your job to defend what they say colonization has done to their family or their culture or their community. It is your job to listen. Do not take it personally because as soon as you do that, you will become a you'll become defensive. You'll get offended. You'll take it to heart. You'll think, "But it wasn't me. " They don't mean you. I have been in so many situations as a fair-skinned Aboriginal woman where I have got, you know, a very dark-skinned uncle going off on a rant saying, "You fellas did this to me. " And I remember when I was really young in my career going, "Oh my god, like that's really full on like it definitely wasn't me. " And then I remember reflecting on that being like, "No, it wasn't me. It's not my place to take offense from what he's saying. It's my place to listen and try to apply that to my project. And so when we talk about western planning models in particular, so I guess my background for to preface this I was environmental scientists and I had a particular focus in approvals and planning in the Queensland and Northern Territory regions. And so you've got Commonwealth, state and local government approvals that you have to get to do any sort of project, which before I did that job, I didn't know was a thing. And I have to say breathes a sigh of relief to know that we can't just go and do things without checking first. And so sustainability comes into that. We can't just go and build a bridge anywhere because people need a bridge. We need to understand the ecology of the water systems, the waterway, the environment on either side of the bank. There's a lot that goes into it. However, Western planning models often fall short because again they separate people from place and culture from ecology. First nations approaches are inherently holistic. So countries not just the land its kin its story its spirit. When we engage or we embed indigenous ecological knowledges into sustainability products we project sorry we get better outcomes culturally safe spaces long-term stewardship and community buyin which is a really important one. Now I'm going to share an example you see there on the screen which is the Palm Island Cultural Installation Project. Now I don't know how many of you have heard of Palm Island. If you have, I don't know, like pop an emoji react up or something. But Palm Island is a tiny little remote community off the coast of far north Queensland. Back in, I believe it was around 2010, the Guinness World Record book actually considered it the most dangerous place on Earth outside of a war zone here in Australia. How ridiculous is that? And so to give context, Palm Island was a mission. So missions back in the day were places where, you know, European settlers would essentially gather up and place First Nations people off of their own country in missions under the Indigenous Protection Act, which was more of a control act, if we're being honest. And so under the missions, people weren't allowed to practice their culture. They weren't allowed to speak their language. They were essentially, you know, put under slave wages. They weren't paid. They weren't fed. They couldn't do anything. Essentially, if you, you know, looked at someone in charge the wrong way, you could spend a night in jail. Children were separated from their mothers. Families were broken up. It was a horrific time in Australia's history. Again, not a blame game. It's history. It's fact. It's truth. We need to understand it. And because of that, Palm Island is still suffering from long-term socioeconomic impacts. And to be quite blunt about it, having visited the island multiple times, it is a place of obvious white guilt. And when I say that, I mean it's a community that the government just throws money at. They have got schools that are brilliantly designed. They've got buildings that are the latest model, but they're empty. No one uses them because it was somebody's patchwork job to fix a problem that they didn't spend the time getting to know people to fix. Now when you consider all that I went over with this grand ownerous project to create a cultural installation project. This is a community of people who were not allowed to practice their culture for, you know, 50some years, generations, except it became this beautiful melding pot of a community that just wanted to tell their story through their own voice. And we had a project that was willing to listen. So the project was engaged by the Palm Island Aberiginal Shy Council and they literally said to us, "Do not come out with any ideas. Come out with a blank canvas. Sit with our community, listen to our community, hear their stories, then come up with an idea. " And the council was really handsoff. They were like, "We just want to see the end product, and then we'll get involved. We want to hear what the community has to say. " Now this community has got a history of buildings and projects being built in places which were then becoming places where people had committed suicide. And so the community didn't like these places. They didn't want to be there. They had such negative stereotypes and just feelings targeted towards these places. And when you go somewhere and you've got that level of weight that you're trying to create something positive out of, it can be very intimidating. And so we just went out, open ears, open hearts. We listened. The community came to the table. We went out four times to the island sitting with different community members. We went to all of the schools. We went to all the centers, the women's group, the men's group, the rangers. We went into all the shops just talking to people, listening to their stories. And by the end of it, we had created a project that was so written and built by the community's hands that everyone was happy. NEVER DOES THAT HAPPEN. YOU NEVER PLEASE EVERYONE. But everyone was just so eager to have their own story written with their own words. And now this project, I'm very proud to say, is actually being built on the island. That's another thing that once you get into the industry, you'll realize so many projects with these amazing impacts and just positivity can happen and then the funding gets cut and they never happen. This one's actually being built. And so what I want you to take away from that is when we engage genuinely and we listen deeply, our projects will be sustainable because they'll be built for purpose for the communities that they are meant to service. That was a really big tangent. I do apologize. I'll throw to Theresa. >> It was a very beautiful tangent. I love listening to you talk about Palm Island. Honestly, it's it gives me so much inspiration that we can actually work with communities and not just indigenous communities like every community in general to have these better outcomes and that aren't superficial. I think a lot of the way and I guess a limitation to western planning models and even in my short experience within science and within like ecology and research is we say all the right things but we don't actually actively do them. Like we talk the talk, but when are we actually walking a walk? And I think the example of Palm Island is so empowerful because it was giving the power to the people that know what they wanted rather than a scientist coming in be like, "It's going to be like this because this says it's the way to go. " That's not sustainable. Like that's not going to have the outcomes that people want. Like that's and I love that example so much. And I think as scientists sometimes we do come in and we think we know best. We know better than what community knows. And that's that's never the case. We never do. You can read as much as you want. And this is where it's nice talking with Mood. Like cuz I can read as much as I want about an ecosystem or a community, but like I'm never going to know unless I go to that community or I go to that ecosystem and I spend that time actually learning and understanding. And then once you have all of that knowledge, that data, and you create those relationships, then you have a sustainable practice. , and I guess one of the things like while engagement with First Nations people is important, I think it just extends to every community, right? Like I know that in my town growing up, they had we had these massive beautiful fig trees in the middle of the road, right? Like they created so much shade. They had these birds would just live and thrive in them, right? And I think the council once wanted to cut them down so that they could put more car parks. And the whole community came together and were like, "No, like we actually want to keep these trees because they shade everything. They bring these birds in times of spring. " Like, you know, it makes the community feel more connected and people everywhere, all different walks of life were coming and protesting to have these strict trees stay. And then they're like, "Okay, well, we need more car parks. What can we do? " And so the community came together and was like, "Oh, no one really uses this area over here. Maybe we turn that into a car park. " And they did. And the community was so much happier because they actually listened and, you know, it was bird watchers. It was the local like ladies knitting group that would sit in the park and look at these trees and watch the birds while like they were knitting like the country women's association. And it makes it more sustainable because you have people that are actively happy with the engagement. And when you engage with something, yeah, it becomes more sustainable. There's so many questions and chats. Peter, do you want to go first? >> Oh, thank you so much. I didn't want to stop you because I love what I'm hearing and I don't want to talk about it, but I just love what our students mention. So, we are very connected. I know that I am immigrant to the country. So I love hearing those facts and that indigenous knowledge that it's actually about caring the lands and it's kind of a pure connection. But I guess I want to emphasize we really we are very keen to know if you know there are some sources that we can access to that knowledge because you I know that through your connection that storytelling and active listening it was part of this kind of conversation for you to come and bring that passion to your do you know your u I think your talk. So I just want to know please if you have any resources that our students and myself we can access because they have we I am running a competition where students coming with a 4minut storytelling with the impact. What would be better than those storytelling that indigenous knowledge that can come and merge with the science or the environmental science. So what would be the story like amazing story that you as a student can come and showcase to make that awareness let's make it infectious you know this passion this storytelling should be infectious so that's why I want to give that I just didn't want to disturb but I just want to emphasize we really love to hear what are the sources that you think that we and students we can work and I'm keen to work with the students on their project on their essays to make this 4minut storytelling video which is an annual competition every year we have two of them at swimburn that's what I can do that's what I'm keen to do so yeah thank you so much >> I think Marina will definitely have a lot to yan about this because her job is stakeholder engagement I think part of indigenous stakeholder engagement I think part of like I don't know what it is within society, but I think there is this like and this is speaking bluntly, but I think there is like this separation between indigenous and non-indigenous people where like indigen I mean not from what I've understand in the conversations I've had with students at uni and sort of stuff like that is like indigenous people are just it sounds weird to say but indigenous people are just people like everyone right like they want to share this knowledge like they want people to engage with these knowledge and these systems you know and you There are local events can just go ahead and attend and make those connections. Like you would make connections with anyone, right? Like say you're doing a research project with the local birders in a park near your house. Like you would go and find their resources online. You would go and meet with them. You would go have a conversation. It's the same with indigenous people. Like especially in New South Wales, we have local Aboriginal land councils. I'm not sure what states everyone is from. And I don't know if Victoria has this, but indigenous people want this knowledge that can be shared to be shared. They want to be collaborated with. They want people to, you know, we have all of this knowledge and all of these ways of knowing, being, and doing. And we're so empowered to bring this forward and to share with community and make this difference on country in our communities. And there should you guys shouldn't feel discouraged to do that. Yes, you're going to make mistakes. I've made mistakes with traditional owners and elders that I've known for years and years and years where I've had one rouse at me and get angry because I did something incorrect. But we're all going to make mistakes because we're all on our own journeys, you know. And don't, as Ma said at the beginning, like don't let that discourage you from engaging with community. The more you engage, the more they know your face, the more you build that trust and rapport, the more that they're going to share with you. You know, you might be invited to attend some cultural events or a ranger group might be going out and being like, "Hey, like we've got a research idea that we'd really love an honor students to come and do, then you can go and do that with them, you know, because you've built up that trust and you've built up that rapport and you've built up that relationship. " >> Go to the girl. >> I was just spamming the chat with resources. And like yeah, basically to build off of what Theresa said, it's all about going on that learning journey, right? Like to be radical, honestly, the Australian education system as far as primary school and high school goes has absolutely failed all of us when it comes to teaching our young ones about First Nations history and our shared history. It's shared. There are parts of it that are dark. There are parts of it that are brilliant. There are parts that we can all be proud of. And so just finding what's out there, do a Google search like you know whether it's a dreaming story that you might like half remember from a time when you were a kid or just having a look on your local council websites or like Theresa said checking out the different indigenous lands council websites as well. Like there is so much information all over the internet and it's one of the things it's kind of like information overload, right? It is difficult to pick a source of truth. However, it can all help to build your foundational understanding and your curiosity. That way, when you, you know, maybe you haven't actually met a First Nations person apart from Theresa and I today, and that's totally fine. Then, when you go and, you know, you bump into an auntie down at your first NOK week march or you just go to the reconciliation markets, you buy your first pair of, you know, woven earrings, like you've got something to talk about. Like, "Hey, like I read an article that says you can tell, you know, how many days of rain you're going to get because of how many black cockatos you can see. " Like, have you ever heard about that? You know, just drum up a bit of conversation cuz it's fascinating. It is fascinating. Like, learning about our environment and sustainability and how other people have discovered these things is why we kind of all went to university in the first place, I'd like to say, because we have a fascination for knowledge in that space. So don't let your fear of saying the wrong thing deter you from ever saying anything at all because it's the same with an acknowledgement of country. It is more respectful to try than to never do it at all. >> Yeah, I agree completely with that. And again like just reiterating so many indigenous people want to share this knowledge, want to be involved in these processes. And that's where it sort of takes us to the next slide, which is from consultation to collaboration. Mind, this is your area of expertise. >> This is this is another big one for sure. And like Theresa did touch on this a bit as well. So too often engagement with First Nations communities is tokenistic. It's consultation after decisions have already been made. And what comes into play there is consultation fatigue. So if I go back to the Western Sydney Aatropolis example, there is literally like I think maybe six or seven individuals, people, seven people that are considered traditional custodians of the Sydney area. That was once a thriving community of thousands is now down to seven descendants. And you think about how big Sydney is. Every single project that is happening in Western City at the moment has to consult with these seven individuals. Most of them have full-time jobs and a lot of them have historically not been paid for their time being engaged on these projects. And so consultation fatigue is a huge one. Often you'll find people who are just like, "What is the point in talking to me if you're not going to listen? " And so when you're going into projects with a legacy of distrust and wasted time, you do actually have to put in the groundwork and build up that respect. , and like what I said at the start of the lecture, , and I'm going to add to it a bit more is find your big three. So, who are the traditional custodians of the land you're on today or that you're living and working? Who are the traditional custodians of the place you were born? And even if you weren't born here in Australia, I will share a resource in a minute that has a map of indigenous countries from all over the world, which I only recently found and I think it's amazing. , and the other one is who are the traditional custodians of the place you feel most connected to. And when you similarly to how Theresa and I introduced ourselves to you, when you're in these meetings, if you introduce yourself in that way, you are creating a safe space. You are showing that you have done the work to find out and pay your respects to these traditional custodians. And it's also like not to be, you know, a little bit of a gilly girl about it, but it's a fun party trick, right? It's like, oh, I know all the traditional custodians of all the places I've been. Like, do you? Cuz it's, you know, learning languages, learning things that are different about us and the different places we've been. It's like, you know, learning the traditional name for a place or, you know, like locals effort, right? And so I think those things are all things that we can enjoy and engage in. , and so to go back to I guess consultation. So real collaboration starts early. If you ever get pulled on a project, and most of you will, you will all experience this. It is the worst thing in the world where like the engineers have already done up their designs, the architects are halfway through designing it, and they're like, "Oh my gosh, we actually legislated. We have to engage with traditional custodians. We don't even know who to talk to. " and all of a sudden you're like, "Oh gosh, now I have to go. " And you got to take it on the chin. You've got to go up to that auntie and uncle and be like, "Hey, sorry. You actually don't have a lot of input here. The design's already done. We're really just doing a tick the box here. " And it's going to suck. It's going to feel the worst ever. And all you can do is advocate internally in that space in your workplace. And the other thing that you can do is to be honest. If you go into those conversations and you manage people's expectations, you will get a better outcome and you will build a better relationship. If you go in promising the world when you know that all you're doing is ticking a box, then you are going to be liable and it's going to really suck. , and so yeah, collaboration starts early. It's ongoing and it's built on trust. It means co-designing projects, sharing decision-making power, and respecting cultural protocols. Now, you don't always have the power to do these things. I've definitely been on projects where I did not have the power to do it, and it was awful. But like I said, just be honest. If you're going into these conversations with traditional custodians, treat them like business people. Treat them like you would any other client. Hey, sorry, you know, this is where we are in our timeline. We need to hear back from you in two weeks time. You know, can we book something in? The answer is probably going to be no. Follow up. Is there anyone else we can talk to? Give traditional custodians the opportunity to delegate. They are stretched thin when it comes to talking about projects. Like, you really have to, I guess, get in that space of being proactive. If no one in your team is being proactive, you kind of have to wear that responsibility if your heart's in the right place. I mean, I know it's a lot of work. To me it's the bare minimum but we are where we are. I guess to share a few more examples like I said in my work I have seen the difference when engagement is done right communities feel heard projects are more resilient relationships last beyond the life of the project. I have some aunties and uncles that just ring me to have a yarn now or I'll see them down on the street and it's like hey aunt how you going blah you know it's not just a work thing anymore. , and it's also not just about good ethics and doing the right thing. It's actually leading practice and it's really good for business. If you think about just how much connecting with First Nations people has been in the media in the last few years, that is not going away. So if you can design, you know, a project or a business or a team where you have that in the forefront of your mind, you are absolutely going to be putting yourselves ahead and putting your resume far on top of the pile because clients are asking for this, government is asking for this, the Commonwealth is asking for this. It's not going away. As much as the media is doing its thing, it's still in conversation. And I guess to give you an example of where it has gone terribly wrong where people or projects and companies have not engaged you literally there is a very long list. It is what Google search away of traditional custodians taking companies to court because they have not engaged properly. They've got indigenous land use agreements or an ilua l I lua and they haven't done it. Riotinto is a perfect example. They were meant to talk with these communities. They were meant to pay communities royalties and the communities are aware of that. We don't live in the day and age where you can just, you know, pull the carpet over people anymore. They know they're business people. They've got, you know, ABNs and all that stuff sorted out and they will take your company to court and you will be liable for that. So, just be a good person. Be a good person. That's all I can say. Don't make it worse when you're doing your projects. Just don't make it worse. , Tina, did you have anything to add before you jump to the next one? >> Yeah, definitely. I think for example, like a good way to frame it in your mind is say you live in a town and your council's like say a block or two blocks away the council's like we're going to build an airport there. You know, don't you think that you would want as someone who lives in that place who's going to be impacted by that change of building an airport? Do you not think that you would want to be a part of the conversations around is this something that should be suited here? Is this going to impact me? And a lot of the time like yeah as Minda was sort of saying a lot of the time like oh we've already made the decision to put the airport there. Sorry. You know like and to you to me that wouldn't be good enough. I was like where was like the council meeting? Where was the letter in the mailbox? Where was the discussion of me and my community coming together to be like actually that airport is way too close to our housings. Why don't we put it 5 to 10 kilometers out of town and be a part of, you know, designing and determining where that airport goes so that people are collaborating and not just being told, "No, it's going there. Sorry. " You know, so think about that when you think about indigenous communities because everywhere we live and interact with in Australia in the Toristra Islands is indigenous land. Every single place is country, every single place you live, you work, you interact with in Australia is indigenous land and they are stakeholders. They want to make sure that the area that's getting cleared for a housing development, it doesn't have sacred sites. There isn't an initiation site. People don't have a cultural connection to like oh instead of putting that housing development there where we have cultural connection to it. Why don't we put it over here in this area where that is an initiation site or that isn't like a birthing tree, right? Like let's just you know and when they work together and they feel respected and when anyone just gets to work together and feel respected, you're going to have better outcomes. And it's that shift from consultation top down telling us what is going to happen to collaboration that bottom up where we're involved. We can have a say and maybe we'll be more likely to understand these decisions because we're like, "Oh, actually there isn't really any place else we can put it. " You know what? Thank you for respecting me enough as a community member, as a First Nations person, as someone that lives in the area to share that knowledge with. , I'm just sure that you >> Yeah, I was just there's a couple of questions. I've answered one of them and we just had one more pop in. , my local town has started rebuilding the foreshore park car park area. Is it too late to make a change? Would it be helpful to send an email and ask their indigenous and native considerations? Oo, very good question. With local councils, especially in smaller towns, probably too late, but it can be too late to change that project, but it's not too late to change future projects. And so, like I also answered a previous question around, I guess, using the word n for the traditional word for Melbourne and how it's become a bit of a buzzword and sometimes people feel it negatively now. , to me, like the bar is so low. We are so far behind when it comes to engaging with First Nations people and trying to I guess bring about systemic change. So every little crumb of a crawl that we can get is positive and it's good and it needs to happen. And so using NAM, even though people think it's silly, I just love the fact that it's like whether people look at it good or bad, it's starting a conversation about using traditional languages. And similarly, when we have projects that are already happening, they're under construction. They've been gone and been approved. By that point, it is way too late. Like big corporations, consultancies, the firm that, you know, designed the thing, they're not going to go and take changes because the community said no. Once they get to that point, it's going ahead. But by sending in an email and asking the question, you get someone's mind going. You get somebody to think about, oh, maybe in my next project I should bring this up because the community is asking for it. And if there's enough of us that keep asking the question, then they're going to have to listen. And that's, you know, the whole reason why we're having lectures like this today, like a lecture like this in sustainability probably wouldn't have happened 30 years ago relating to First Nations communities here in Australia. And it happened because we're asking the question, we're having the conversation. And that's how we make change. Think of it like a massive cruise ship, right? Tiny little like turns, we're not going to go very far, but over a really long point of time, we're going to make that bend and we're going to go around the curb. So, it's just about like progress is progress and we need to just keep on keeping on. But, T, do you have anything to say? >> And I think with that, too, progress needs to be sustainable. I think when we approach something and we're like we're going to go in and we're going to make all of these changes and it's going to be incredible. The gungho approach sometimes it works but a lot of the times people will burn out like they'll realize that they're b fighting battles that they can never win. But these small sustainable changes this these conversations with people in your workplace with family with thinking differently with sending these emails they slowly plant seeds in people's heads. They slowly make the change. And it's important as Miranda said to be at the beginning to like be sustainable in the way you're applying this and the way you're thinking cuz to be honest like in the capitalist scene that we sort of live in, sustainability isn't at the forefront of these decisions, right? We live in a world where people want commodity, they want capital, they want to use nature and these ecosystems as a resource, as the first priority. And being a lot of us are the minority in believing, hey, like we want to be sustainable, you know, we would rather have more trees in a national park than clear this land for a housing development. And it's having those conversations and being and being present and being the numbers where we actually do make these change. And a lot of little changes have a big change. And we're still going to be a society for years and years and years and years. And if we're making those moves now, then it's going to have better impacts in the future. It might not be seen in 5 years, 10 years, but in 20 years, in 30 years, it'll be big. It'll be the common norm of what we're doing. >> Totally. So, moving on. >> Yeah, I was just going to jump into that. I am mindful of time. We've got three sides left and I think if we try to like rush through these in like >> 15 20 minutes, so save all your questions for the end and then we'll jump into the questions. Cuz yeah, we've got case studies, holistic approach, and then pathways forward to go. >> Yep. >> Think I'm up first. True. Look at me running things and then not running it. Awesome. So, yeah, in the planning and approval space, I've worked on projects where engagement was mandated. So, again, like I was saying, Commonwealth is asking for it, state legislation is asking for it, but that doesn't always mean that it's going to be meaningful. And so, I've seen how rushed timelines and really bad communication can completely erode trust. And I've also worked on projects where traditional custodians were involved from the start shaping environmental strategies that honored both science and culture. Now to share two really quick examples. One that was really good surprisingly and the other one that was really bad surprisingly just to show you a bit of like what to expect I guess. So Theresa and I touch on a little bit when it comes to talking about I guess the socioeconomic impacts that are still being felt as a result of colonization. I was engaged to work on a project in a corrections precinct which is in a prison. Now Aboriginal tourist islander people are the most incarcerated people on planet earth which is in ridiculous. We make up less than 3% of the Australian population. That is a disgusting statistic. Now when you're working on a corrections precinct you have to walk into those reality of a lot of people go in and they never come out because they're not culturally safe spaces. They were never meant to be. They're awful spaces. And so when I started on this project, the people who I guess had kicked it off first prior to talking to me actually engaged the wrong traditional custodians. So they started to have conversations with the wrong group. Now when that happens, it can be a really embarrassing. It can sometimes be a costly issue because you've spent time talking to people. We were really lucky in the sense that this traditional custodian group was like, "Ah, hey you shouldn't be talking to us. You should be talking to them. " And we were like, "Our bad thank you for letting us know. " Went over, had a yarn, said, "Sorry, aunt. Spoke to the wrong mob. We're talking to you now. " They're like, "Yep, no worries. " And the traditional custodians we spoke to were actually so involved in the community and were so aware of the incarceration rates that they wanted to make a change and had been making a change for literally 10 years prior to this project where they had been working in the corrections precinct running culturally appropriate programs to rehabilitate people. Now, one of the uncles shared this amazing statistic where over the course of a year, he worked with 250 First Nations and non-first nations men who were in this precinct. So, 250 men across the board. And prior to him doing this program, there was like a 60 to 70% reoffense rate. When he ran this program for the first time in this first year, of the 250 men that he worked with, only one reaffended. Everyone else walked out of that correction precinct, bettered their lives, went back to their families, went back to their communities, made something of themselves. So, these sorts of programs worked. And when we were talking with these traditional custodians, they had such a good understanding of their programs and the positive impacts that they were having that they completely came to the table. They put aside all of the ickiness that comes with talking about corrections precincts and they were like, "Yes, we just want to fix this. We want to be part of the solution instead of everyone thinking we're contributing to the problem. And so we worked with them. We developed spaces that were able to facilitate their program better in this particular precinct. Unfortunately though, this was one of those cases where we did all this amazing engagement. We established really strong relationships and then the funding got cut because this was around the time of the referendum. And so we went back to those aunties and uncles and we said, "Look, we created something amazing here and we recognize the work that you're doing, but unfortunately for now this has been put on hold and it's been on hold for the last two years and now I've actually left that firm that I was working with. " , and they were it was just a regular Tuesday for them. They were like, "Yep, it happens. Thank you for your time. Thank you for listening. Thank you for paying us for our knowledge. " And so it ended up being a really positive experience despite not having the result that we wanted it to. Now, left of field, really, really bad example that should have been a really good one. AFL Australia, we worked with them over in the Northern Territory. The Northern Territory, AFL is the big sport over there. And it's kind of one of the big like tickets out of the territory for a lot of First Nations kids. There's so many programs throughout Northern Queensland as well and the Northern Territory where kids living in remote communities can get on scholarships to go to capital cities to get a good education because they're good at playing AFL. And so we were on a project to basically build five brand spanking new AFL fields in ridiculously remote communities in the Northern Territory. And we thought, this is brilliant. This is great. This is going to be such an amazing project. We're going to have such really, really good impacts. And then I remember in our very first kickoff meeting with the client, they said, "Oh, last time we went out to community, we asked them if they wanted solar panel gen solar panel scoreboards so that they didn't have to use all the electricity to run scoreboards. " And the community said no. So this time we're just not going to ask. We're just going to do it. And I was like, "Oh my goodness, what do you mean? No. " And so we had to rein that client back in super quick. Were like, "No, you still need to talk to these communities. You need to talk to them. " And but by that point, the what was it? The goose was already cooked. Like the client just didn't want to buy of it. We made sure we were talking to these communities at the bare minimum. We were calling. We were having online Zoom sessions. We were trying our hardest to get out in person. We couldn't, but we still made contact. We still made sure the communities knew about it. And unfortunately, the experience of those communities was pretty much indicative of their relationship with AFL. And that was really upsetting. But you can't win them all. And what we did do though is provided the client with a humongous recommendations list for future projects. And sometimes that's all you can do is be like, "Hey, you gam better. This is what we would recommend. " , but yes, I've yapped for quite a bit. So I'll throw it to Theresa. >> Yeah. So again, I have been a university student since 2018. My whole life pretty much. Actually, it's way longer than that. It was 2015, like 10 years. Just been in university, never left. We love that for me. , so basically my experience around collaboration with and sustainable community buildings comes from a really theoretical base within my research and some of the issues that I've struggled with my supervisors. If any of you go into research, I cannot emphasize enough how important it is to know your supervisors and know that they respect where you're coming from with the research that you're doing. So, one of my supervisors in my honors years, , I had a lot of trouble with because it was sort of a space where I was really starting to engage with indigenous methodologies, indigenous research practices, and really wanting to bring indigenous cultural practices to the communities that I was working with. So my honors research was around understanding koala diet selection and eucalyptus foliage chemistry and understanding that so we can better inform our tree planting. And I was a few months into it when I was like oh I really haven't consulted with the local indigenous people. I really feel like I'm doing this project with their animals with their country that's going to have these benefits on them. And this is where I said earlier like we're all on our own learning journey. I was making mistakes early on cuz I didn't know any better, right? I didn't know any better and I was like, "Oh my god, like I need to I need to collaborate. Like I need to have them involved. Like if I'm doing this work and I need to show that this is important, like yeah, I can prove that it's important through Western literature that we need to know what koalas eat, but how is this important to indigenous people in these communities that I'm going to my in science and my research is going to directly impact? " So, I had this yarn with my supervisor and I was like, "Hey guy, not going to say his name. Hey, dude. How can we like how can I do my research to include like I want to go into community and I want to ask the local land councils if I can go and harvest leaves off eucalyptus species? " And they're like, "Oh, what if they say no? Like, that's going to be so hard. Like, that's waking they're making this project so much more complex. " And it really hurt my soul because to me that was just the bare minimum was going to ask the people that my research was going to impact if it was okay for me to do this. But my supervisor was like, "No, that's too complex. " Like what if they say no? What if they do say no? If they say no, then I am going to have to redo my research project in another way that is actually going to be beneficial. , and they said yes, thankfully. , and I knew they would anyway, but you know, like I wanted to make sure that what I was doing was correct, that I wasn't going to impact them, that I the flow off effects of me doing this research project and then being an indigenous person that is identified in the community that I grew up in. I didn't want an elder or someone to come back to me in a few years and be like, you didn't even talk to us if you did your research, okay? Like, oh my god. Like, you know, I didn't want that flow and effect, that negativity. I didn't want to break the trust and the trust and respect that I had built in my community you know by not asking with them and in a western system right like it's it in science in particular you guys will probably learn it is very extractive it is very take and that's the way that sort of imperialism science is kind of designed but where it's like indigenous science and where it's like community based science not even indigenous science it's about collaboration it's about building relationships you know so many scientists just will go into a research area into a community and just be like I'm doing this and not even engage with the community and that has really negative flow and effects cuz say you move there years later and then you've got this reputation of coming in and like disrespecting community you don't want that like you want to be able to integrate you want community to be on your side right and I guess it's little stuff like that where it's like conservation and understanding the environment you really need to collaborate with community. You really need to engage with them. And I think my experience was super negative and I made the right decisions to not have them as part of my research projects anymore. And because of that, I was able to ask community. I went and interviewed two local traditional owners and elders of that country. And I interviewed them and I asked them, why is it important for you? Why is it important to community for me to conserve and help conserve your species? And you know what they said? When I see a koala, like I see family, you know, we want to make sure our environment and our country is healthy, not just for us, but for future generations. Like we want to be planting trees that we might not be able to sit under, but we know that our children and our children's children will sit under it. But even we know that species like we know that psums are going to use it. We know that insects are going to use it. We know that koala's going to use it. Like it was very seeing the environment as not separate but combined together. And for me that really touched my soul like if we're going to be a sustainable community and if I'm going to work sustainably and ethically within my research career I need to be collaborating. I don't need to be consulting. I need to be collaborating. I want to do rightway science. I want to do rightway engagement and I want to do right by the communities that I want to help and make sure that I'm helping them in the way that they want to be helped. Not just assuming that's how they want to be helped. And when we do that, we can be more informed about the decisions that we're making. , I feel like wary of time. I'm just going to change the next slide. Unless you want to add something to the girl. >> Nope. Ready for the next slide? >> , yeah. Awesome. Holistic approaches. Now, I also feel like for our next slide, which is pathways forward, we've given you heaps and heaps of different info, so we can probably jump straight to the questions then. But like Tina just said, sustainable communities and I've also kind of referred to it's not just about solar panels and recycling bins. It's about relationships, right? So indigenous governance brings a holistic lens that integrates culture, environment, and social dimensions. There's a couple of tools and I'll pop one of them in the chat in a second like the cultural landscape mapping or indigenous stakeholder engagement plans. And particularly at the moment, the New South Wales connecting with country framework offer pathways for inclusive designs. But tools aren't enough. And this is what Theres and I keep harping on about. We need leadership. We need accountability and a willingness to a willingness to listen deeply. When we design not with but for sorry, when we design with other way around, not for communities, we build places that are not only sustainable, but they are fit for purpose. And that's where we've gone a little bit astray. When we, you know, rely too much on our abilities to ah, you know, just think, you know, walk a mile in their shoes and think about how they might want this problem to be solved or we look at the literature and tell us how certain communities should be built, we're already kind of straying down the wrong path. Those are really, really good to help us build a foundational understanding of what is leading practice, but part of that leading practice is talking to the people that are going to live there as an end result. You know, we unfortunately are not going to have the privilege to live and experience every single one of the projects that we've ever worked on. So, the least we can do is talk to the people that are going to be experiencing those. , yeah. Anything to add, T? >> I think I don't know how much of you are like ecologists, but I imagine that you have an understanding of ecology. When you think of ecology and you think of an ecosystem and all of the complex interrelating relationships, you know, a treere's connection to the soil and the soil's connection to the water and the water's connection to the fish and the fish's connection to the insects and the insects connection to the birds and you know like all of this interrelating ecosystem and complexity is the same within human society and even human society's relationship with nature. And I mentioned that because when we talk about the complexities of culture, of environment, of social dimensions, it can be so much and it can be a lot. But when we take a step back instead of looking at a niche in society or a niche in sustainable community and we step back and we look at holistically like okay if I inter if I talk I want to do this in community. I want to create a park that uses native species for the planting so that we can have more birds, you know, that community can come and use. And when you engage with collaboration within these processes and you understand the holisticness and you take a step back, it's you're going to have better outcomes, right? You're going to be able to design something that everyone can benefit from. What does community actually need? Rather than knowing what they need, go and ask them what they need. Again, you're going to have better benefits. And I think it's so empowering to the communities, even indigenous but non-indigenous communities often are the last people at the table to have a discussion or to be in the discussion. And by bringing them to the first point, you're building a sustainable community that is going to want to integrate the methods that you want to change, that want to be in the conversation, that want to feel valued and want to feel respected. And again, like obviously through this subject and your learning, you'll have a lot of resources from probably other topics. And some of the topics that Miranda's been posting in the chat. But this is just the start, right? You could dedicate a whole degree to sustainable communities and obviously you're just doing one subject, but the I just feel like when I found a little bit when I first started environmental science where I was like, I just want to work with plants and animals. Like I don't you know, you know, I don't care about the people side of it. I just want to be with plants and animals. And I was like, "Yeah, but if I'm going to help the plants and animals, I have to engage with community because community and nature aren't separate. They're integrated. And what I do for nature is going to have an impact on people. And what I do with people is going to have an impact on the environment. And even there's a common thing that I find again it's changing but it's like that even within community and the complexity of it like there's often this separation between farmers and environmentalists and finding common ground between both of them and talking to both of them and collaborating with both of them. You know they're going to be like oh we both need water you know like for example I walk work within a water space like we both need water for your crops we need water for the plants. Let's work together to see how we can do that so we have a sustainable amount of water to use for resources rather than like no you just want to take all our water for the environment so we can't field our crops. It's like, no, no, no. That's that's not true. And when you have these conversations with different parties at the table, you realize, hey, we all want the same thing and how can we work together to do that so that we have better outcomes for everyone. And there's a lot of literature on that sustainable community, stakeholder engagement, obviously like how to engage with community, how to be respectful within community. That will really help sort of frame your mind because you can't do anything in the environment without people. And you can't do anything without people without the environment. So, we're just going to go to the last slide quickly about takeaway messages, but I think we've sort of talked about that as well. So, Miranda, if you want to. >> Yeah. Oh, I was just going to jump straight into some questions. We've got Melee again leading the charge with some great questions. She has asked, this is such a big question, by the way. How do you think the Australian education system impacts First Nations people? Do you think they cater adequately? I guess in my experience in high school and primary school that it was very euroentric western and not very facilitating but I also grew up in a pretty affluent area and then to follow on from that how do you think the pandemic affected these communities? Did you want to tackle it first ta? >> Yeah so a big part of my subject that I taught at my university was around changing the narrative in people's head and the knowledge that we just agree is correct. So I read this paper and it was said that colonization of the mind is sort of the societal norm within Australia and that's not a negative thing. I think our society is built off a colonizational framework and I think the ways of knowing and doing within our society is very based on like capitalism is very extractive is very take is very that and I guess I have noticed that it's changed a lot like I feel like we are seeing a shift where first nations people's understandings and ways of living and being are within our high schools when I went to school literally not the case at all like my uni my school didn't I lived in a very rural area. My school didn't teach anything about that. If anything, it was a lot of deficit narratives and that had a really negative impact on me personally and a lot of my friends and family because you know this is a place where I saw so much power in the knowledge and the understanding that we had and this you know if we engage with these communities we could have such better outcomes for everything but people weren't ready to have the conversation from feeling like oh if we engage with community people if we engage with indigenous people they'll make us move off our land and take it for themselves. No they won't. No they won't. That will never happen. We just want to make sure that instead of planting an invasive species that we're planting native species that can be used in the same resource and that's going to have better impacts for everyone. But people weren't ready to have these conversations. And you know I in the subject I taught at uni, we were sort of discussing that we need to decolonize our own mind, decolonize a lot of the narratives. Like I recommended, Dark Emu is a really, really good book that sort of challenges this notion of that indigenous people didn't live with the land and the way that they lived with the land was primitive, which wasn't the case. And that's often what we're taught. It's like, oh, they were hunter gatherers, you know, they didn't know how to farm, they didn't know how to do this, they didn't know how that yes they did. It was way more complex than we think. And I think it's our responsibility as adults when we leave these schooling systems and we come into our own education is to be lifelong learners and to sort of erase a lot of the colonizational mindset that we have in Australia. And when we do that and we read these resources and we engage with community and we think about these with the projects that we work with, then we realize like hey like this is going to be better for everyone because we're understanding the uniqueness and the diversity. To go. You want to go? >> Totally. I think yeah, massive questions and I guess reflecting on and not to put you on the spot, did I'm a little bit younger than Theresa, only slightly even though she reminds me every day that I'm a lot older. Even when I was at school. So I graduated high school in 2017 and even then my schooling I grew up in a regional area and like my primary school I went to school in an Aboriginal community and there's bugger all in the curriculum. I think that's slowly changing. However, the change is entirely on the shoulders of passionate teachers. Teachers who have a passion in this space who are trying to educate students. It starts in the home. If you have, you know, you have your own kids, you got nieces and nephews, you've got friends with kids, and you know, you hear someone say something that's just off tap, like, call them out. You know, we're trying to create change, and it's not going to happen if our youngest generation coming through are learning that it's okay to say certain things or that, you know, engaging with First Nations people is scary and it's something that, you know, it's divisive, which is ridiculous. You know, it's about just engaging with our shared history. It's fascinating. Learning about how we've all walked this earth together is so entertaining. And there's media and music and artwork that tells these stories. , and so I think absolutely the education system fails all of us in that respect. And it's absolutely not targeted at First Nations children. There are some amazing things being done. I actually recently went to an independent school which was entirely operated by a local ranger program. All of the rangers had teaching degrees and they decided to open a school and so they have outside classrooms. 80% of their student population are indigenous and they have entirely changed the curriculum to still embed everything the curriculum needs but focusing on like cultural justness and being yourselves and learning about each other. I think also to your second question, the pandemic totally affected these communities and it was interesting. I know here in Canes, we have a local indigenous community around the corner called Yaraba and they were barricaded out. They had like armed forces at the crossroads being like, "You cannot come into this community because we are protecting them. They are a vulnerable community. " Yes, this is true, but that goes back to the Indigenous Protection Act, locking people up to protect them. It's like there's vulnerable and then there's controlled. And I think the pandemic absolutely impacted these communities because again low socio low socioeconomic communities. Many people felt isolated. They didn't have you know the education to understand what was misinformation versus what was fact. So people were very scared. People were very lonely. And I think it all boils back to that education is key. Conversation is key. If we walk together, we can start bringing up our medium at the moment. It's, you know, if rock bottom had a basement, that's kind of where we're at sometimes. And so I think by engaging in this sort of stuff and being excited about it and sharing it with your friends or going to Nadok week celebrations and just being a part of that shared collective pride that we should all have for walking together with one of the oldest generation the oldest sorry cultures in the world is you know that's a privilege a lot of people in the world don't actually get. So I would definitely you know put it up there. I can see bits you've got your hand up so I'll stop talking. >> No, thank you so much. Thank you so much. I actually have another lecture start in 10 minutes in the other side of the campus. It takes about 10 minutes for me to just reach there. I didn't want to stop you because it was lovely to have you on board. You're talking about the passion. You're talking about education. You're talking about whatever we are doing in any roles that we are in as a student, as a leader, as a educator, with any nationality, we do care, we should care about the land and that is about anything that we can do which can make us a small piece of this kind of role that we can inspire our community members. So I think this was just the beginning of our connection with Teresa and Miranda. I am going from my beat of I think if I consider a role I'm going to invite them every year to this unit to this do you know lecture and we come to brainstorm and we come to inspire our students that they have a powerful voice to go to the council to the community to anywhere you are going to you know talk about all the diff like all the different projects that you might be interested or passion. So if there are something that needs to be considered I tell my internship students go to the workplace find out what is their ethical practice. If there are something missing you need to come up with a piet ways that you know this is professional needs to be considered. So I think this is the starting of a great work that we can do together to care and to protect our land. So thank you so much to Teresa and Miranda and all the passionate students all the lovely amazing questions that has been raised. We are going to work on unpacking some of the project and we might invite you to be witness of some of the projects and some of the brainstorming. Thank you so much everyone. >> Amazing. >> Thank you so much. >> Connect with us on LinkedIn. We will keep talking. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. >> Thank you so much. See you everyone.