# VIDEO: Workshop 2:  Storytelling with Express (2023) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

So hello everyone. As I said, my name is Tom. I'm one of the Adobe coaches available to you at Swimburne. My job is to help you support you with the Adobe products you'll encounter throughout your time at Swimburne. All of which you get for free. So you'll be using these products as part of your assignments and hopefully in your personal time because we highly encourage interaction with these products during your personal use. So today's presentation is start talking 2023 the second workshop the subject of which is storytelling with express video. I'm Thomas Insul. I'm the Adobe digital coach. Presenting with me is Dr. Peter Zepharan Zepharanu. Yep. Lecturer in mic microbiology microbial biotechnology and wil lecturer and I just want to begin by saying we respectfully acknowledge the wjury people of the cooling nation who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swimburn's campuses in Melbourne's east and outer east are currently based and we pay our respects to their elders past, present and emerging and that we also acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of the land on which across Australia on which their elders, ancestors and cultures and heritage lie. So Peter, I'll pass on to you. >> Thank you so much Thomas and I guess this is the second workshop of competition start talking 2023 where you are going to submit four minute of a video of your idea. It could be any idea. So we invite all of the Swimburn students from different discipline. If you're interested or passionate about a kind of idea or a challenge and you have a solution to that, you read through the literature or that's your research. So you this is the second workshop. So you're going to submit a draft of your idea with the social impact. It's very important. This 4m minute video is going to record it for the purpose of your audience is a public the community. How you're going to engage with them? How you are going to use of the right language to share your idea, your solution, your recommendation to unpack a challenge and invite them to actively be involved. So I guess that idea is going to be shared with me. So my email address is here and if you have any in you know need for your for example once you are starting creating your video as Thomas mentioned we have our amazing Adobe coaches on board so you can get an appointment for you know sort additional support behind this workshop and what you are going to achieve. So I guess we are going to select your the best 4-minute video with the social impact to be showcased in our live showcase and we have our amazing judges coming along from the industry. The chief scientist at Swimburn and always with kind of we have also someone from Adobe to evaluate your video production on that innovative idea with the social impact. So you are going to the winner of the start talking is going to achieve 400 cash prize. That is correct. 400 cash prize for 400 a 4 minute video and also we are going to have a interactive cahoot questions based on the videos for people to for the audience and also we are going to have our audience to vote to your video and that is the people choice with 100 bucks. So these are all the live showcase is going to happen on t week 10 according to our academic calendar in at swimburn which is going to be 12 of October. So anytime on Monday or maximum Tuesday that week 10 remember week 10 Monday week 10 you're going to submit your video to me that is going to be considered. So I guess that is what I wanted to remind you and we would like to invite you to watch this video because we want to spend time with Thomas and get a training done. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing from microorganisms to giant galaxies. It encompasses everything in between and we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students. Start Talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. But now it's your turn to start talking. So we'll move straight on to Adobe Express. Then on today's agenda, I will take you through the interface of Adobe Express video. I will show you how to set up and edit your timeline, how to import videos and text both from Adobe Stock and your own videos. I will teach you how to in edit these individual clips and titles to improve your presentation. And at the end, I will show you how to download and share your work. And before I start, please make sure you're signed into the Adobe Creative Cloud and have the Creative Cloud the Adobe Express site opened. It's express. Adobe. Com. Please sign them with your student email. And feel free to ask any questions throughout the session. I will be able to answer them. And unless you are asking a question, please keep your mics turned off. So, we'll begin just by typing in express. Adobe. You can see that I'm already signed in, but for tutorial sake, I'll sign back out and show you what the process is. So, like I said, just your student emails for everyone watching today. It'll be your student numbers and swind. Au student at sorry student. Swin. Au. And this is important. When you first sign in with your student account, you'll be given two options. One will be an orange, one will be a blue. Select the orange account. It's very important. That way, your account will be on Swimburn's network and you won't lose any projects. And you'll have access to Adobe Stock and all the features Swimburn provides you with. Wonderful. So, this is the Adobe Express interface. From here, you can create so many different content types. You can create Instagram posts, you can create Instagram stories, you can create a web page similar to the one I just showed you, but most importantly, you can create video. So, you have all these options to select, but I always like to go to the purple plus button and scroll down for the one I want. We'll select video. By default, it will be 1920x 1080 pixels. That's your standard HD web page. Standard HD video as well format. But if you are creating content for a different device, say an iPhone or something similar or an Instagram story, you have the option of selecting different dimensions. An Instagram story, for example, is 1080 by 1920 pixels, but today we're just going to create a standard HD. So you'll see we have an empty timeline currently. We can fix this very quickly by going into media and today the tutorials theme will be bees. So thankfully Adobe Stock has lots of bees videos and Adobe Stock is Adobe's own stock library which you have access to as part of our new swim deal with Swimburn. So, all I have to type in is bees. And I'm met with several hundred bees videos. I like these first ones. So, I'm going to click and drag onto my timeline. And you'll see I've been met with all these settings on my left. But to continue adding videos, I just have to click this layer button on my right. And I'll click and drag again. So you can see I have two videos. I'll scroll up and down my timeline like so. Just click and drag the play head. Now you'll see this first clip I have is 10 seconds and the second one is 50. But we would prefer our end video is only 10 seconds long just for tutorial sake. So I'm going to shorten my video by taking this handle on the right of the video, clicking and dragging. And you'll see the duration of this video I have selected shortens. So I'm going to shorten it to 5 seconds. And if you want an easier job of lining up the duration, you just need to zoom in via this zoom scroll bar. You see, I can scroll in, I can scroll out, and that just allows for more detailed editing. So, in order to show you how to split and cut your videos, I'm going to enlarge this second video again, and I'm going to move my playhead to the 5-second mark, which is roughly halfway between the in between the video. Good. Now all I have to do is press S on my keyboard and that is going to split the clip. And because Adobe Express is a web paste platform, sometimes the commands will take longer than you would like, but they get there in the end. If your keyboard shortcuts aren't working, you can just right click and select split. Excellent. Now, all Now all I need to do with the clip I don't want is just press backspace. And that deletes. We'll repeat the same process with my first clip. Excellent. So, if we let that play, we now have a 10-second video consisting of two 5-second clips. Good. Now, if I want to make individual edits to this clip, if I want to add effects, all I need to do is click on it, click this layer button on the right hand side of my screen, and this takes me to the individual settings of the clip. So, I could adjust the volume. If I had a background, I could remove that background. I could crop the video. The cropping is very good on this because it allows you to add specific frames. So, if I was so inclined, I could make this frame, but I'm going to remove that crop now. And if I want to reset what I've done to this video, I just press reset. I can also alter the speed of the video just by scrolling the speed bar. Goes down in increments, 50%, 25%. If I want to speed it up, just scroll it to the right. 150% 200. So obviously that will adjust the timing. And if you sped the clip up, you're met with this white space because obviously the clip is moving faster. But all you need to do when this happens is just shorten the clip to the correct duration. And there we are. >> Thomas, just one question because you're talking about all of the videos. So if a students for the purpose of their assignments or the competition they want to add create the video and add to the they should add to this media to be able to bring it to this you know the way that you select these bees bring it here and then they start adding all the elements. Okay. >> That's right. And you can upload your own media by just selecting upload from device in the media section. This is what the majority of you will be using I imagine. So uploading a file on here is like uploading a file anywhere. You just click upload. You select the location of your video and then you upload. >> Thank you Thomas. >> My pleasure. With the videos you upload is the same as any video any other video on here. You can continue altering the video. You can change the opacity and you can add effects. Effects are basic color changes as quite a wide array of things for you to select. So obviously grayscale and then these duo tune elements. But if you don't like that you can just select none. Of course, adjustments. These are more complex. How you use this will depend on your own purposes, but you can change the contrast. You can change the brightness, the highlights, and the shadows, and of course, you can change the warmth and the saturation and the details and the blur. If anyone here is familiar with Photoshop, it's a very similar process. But if I want to remove all these effects, I'll simply select reset all. Good. Now, I want to show you how you can specifically upload videos. So, to reiterate, I'm now uploading my own videos. Now, when you're uploading your own videos, it's very important you upload them one at a time. It's a slow process, but it's quite important for your workflow because if you do not upload them at a time, you are met with this effect where it uploads directly on to another video on your timeline, which is very good if you want a picturein picture. But thankfully you also have the product the option to add as a scene. So if I want to add this as a scene, make it its own clip on my timeline, I simply select this. There we are. Right, as this is 31 seconds in length, I'm going to trim it. Going to scroll out. That way I can see my entire timeline at a 12% zoom. And I'm going to scroll and shorten this to 5 seconds in length. Wonderful. Now I'm going to show you how to create a picture and picture effect. So once again I'm going to give this its own scene. This one is 16 seconds in length. We'll shorten it to five. Wonderful. And with this scene selected, we will select this video here. And automatically, you can see it uploads directly on top of our previous picture, our previous clip. It's actually done. Exactly. >> Sorry bet. Go on. >> Sorry Thomas. I guess that was very important. So sometimes the students they are talking about a technology and the advantage of that technology. For example, it would be good if you have a background video or an image which is actually presenting that technology or you know that is more engaging once you're talking about that. So I just wanted to highlight this is very useful tool. Thank you. >> Very welcome. Yes, picturein picture is very popular with how the content with how people generate content inre in express video and you will very likely be using this. So I have my delightful bees picture in the corner. What I want to do now is give it a rounded frame. I will do so by selecting this one, this rounded frame here. And automatically it crops. But you can see it's cropped too much of the image. So I'm going to widen it somewhat. But we still want to see those rounded edges. There we go. There we go. So now we have our main video and then what you can imagine could be a macro closeup in the top leftand corner. So now that we have our main content selected, we want to add in some titles. And to add the title, simply go into text. And you can see Adobe Stock presents you with all these different templates to select from. But I like to add my own text. To do that, simply click add your own text. Select. We'll call our video today the secret life of bees. Now, by default, you get this very basic black text. Obviously, not good for our needs. So, I'm going to select a new font. I'm going to select 8 heavy. And you'll see with fonts here you have a lot to choose from. Which best you can choose will suit will depend on your own purposes. Now to apply this text, make sure all text is selected by pressing Ctrl A. There we go. There we go. Now, black isn't very good for our needs. So, we are going to select yellow. It offers you lots of swatches to choose from, but if you're looking for a specific color, simply go into custom. You see we have this color bar here. So, I'm going to select yellow. Wonderful. So, you can see we have an entry title. Now what I want to do now is select is give my text a transition so it fades in as any presentation video presentation title would. So to do that I simply go into animation select in and you have all these transitions to choose from. It could bungee in. It could drift in. It could drop. It could flicker. I personally prefer fade. It's the most basic. It's It really fits the majority of presentations you'll give. But I also want to adjust the length so my title does not take up the entirety of my clip. So to do that, I'm simply going to enable layer timing. Show layer timing down here. And I'm going to select the top layer and I'm going to click and drag the same as I did to adjust the duration of my clips. There we go. And this is a good time for me to bring up the our layers panel. You saw me play around with this earlier, but you can see when one clip is in top is on top of the other, it appears in this layer panel. So, right now, title on top of the video as it should be. But if I wanted to swap that around, I simply click and drag and now the bees the B clip is on top of the title. Thomas, can we place can we change the location of the title if you want to bring it on the top or in the center? >> Absolutely. >> Move it. Yeah. >> To do that, simply click and drag your title. Move it to any desired location on the timeline. , I guess I'm asking for the location of the title in that selected video. >> What needs to be done if you would like to move your title to a different location? Simply copy and paste. So select ah this is where Adobe express differs from Adobe Rush. So when you have a certain title applied to express it is bound to that clip as this title is bound to this beast clip. So, if I wanted to put say the title of my presentation onto this clip, I would instead need to create the title on this clip. So, the summary is each video that you make you can based on what you want to present. I might need if for example you have an assignment of three minute video with three sections. So you can label each video each section each video with a different label and place it everywhere that you want. >> That's right. So this first video, this first clip here, this is our first section. So I can move the title anywhere I want within this first section, but I cannot move it to the second section. This section second section will need its own title. So if I want to do that, I'll simply repeat the process. But we'll move on. What I do want to show you, and this is one of my favorite features of Adobe Express, is the Firefly plugin. I if any of you have experienced Adobe Firefly, it's like the visual equivalent of chat GPT. You type the description you would like and it will apply that texture to the title. So for this I will type honeycomb dripping honey. This is one of the new features of Adobe Express. And I'll take this moment to say that Adobe Express is in its current form that you're seeing today is very new. We've gone to this is possibly our second week of experiencing Adobe Express video in its current form. Thank you Thomas for clarifying why the storytelling video production by Adobe Rush changed by Adobe Express because this is the new product and we want to show you that we are updated with the applications which are efficiently work. So that's why we are offering this as a tool for you to produce the video. Thank you. >> Correct. Now you see my texture has blended into the bees video somewhat. So I will take this opportunity to present the replace button, the replace feature of my of my clip. So if I wanted to replace this video, you see with a completely different video but keep the same duration, all I would have to do is click replace. Let's type in B's for a different video. There we go. And there we go. That looks wonderful, doesn't it? So, like I said, the duration is the same, but the clip is different. And now you'll have a chance to see our wonderful texture, a wonderful AI generated texture of the titles. We'll zoom in just to admire this properly. So yes, I like Adobe Firefly very much in this application to express video. >> Yes, PT, you have a question. >> I'm just seeing your hand raised. No, I just >> Oh, say hay. >> Oh, there's a clapping emoji. Wonderful. Wonderful. So, , now we've got some titles. We are going to add in some transitions. Transitions in Adobe Express are very simple. Just add your transition and you'll see right now we have dissolve as its sole transition. More will be coming soon, but like I said, this is a very new piece of software. So, we'll just insert that. We'll play from the beginning to see what it looks like. There you go. So, we've completed our visual section. Now, we might want to include some audio. So, to do that, we simply go into media again. We transition to audio. And you'll see you can upload from your own device the same as you can photos and videos and you can record a voice over. So I will record a voice over but first I want to insert some sheer for music. So just simply type in shareful into Adobe Stock. Select happy family loop. Hopefully you can hear this. Okay. So, fortunately, this video, this audio clip takes up the duration of our entire timeline. But if we wanted to repeat it, say we wanted to expand that All we would have to do is copy and paste. Oh, my apologies. So, if you want to repeat the music you've been using, which you can with this music because it's a loop, just click again and it will transition seamlessly. >> So, we'll reduce our final clip back to its desired duration. We keep it to seven seconds. And now you get to hear me record a voice over. So to record a voice over, simply select record voice over and allow permissions from your microphone. >> So you can see it's taking in audio from my microphone. And now I just need to start recording. Bees are a vital part of Earth's ecosystem and finish recording. >> So, Express allows for two audio tracks, one being the music and the second being for recorded voiceovers. But if we play them now, these are a vital part of this ecosystem. You'll see they clash a bit. So all I need to do is simply lower the volume. >> That is also very important. Often we go to mark the assignments and we hear the song which is fantastic. It make us happy but we don't hear what the students is talking about. So you really need to adjust the background music to be lower than what you are going to share. Especially if you are coming to make the 4m minute video for us in a competition. We want to showcase. If you want to use of the music related to your topic or make it you know happy video make sure that you're going your sounds it's more powerful than the background music. This is very important. >> Yes. And to simply adjust the volume, all you need to do is select the volume. Pardon me. So, sometimes it's a little bit fiddly, but keep clicking. And you'll get it. In the end, you'll see my music is at 100% full volume. We don't want this. We'll lower it to say 40 because music should just be supplementing what you'll be saying in your voice over. So, my music is at 40. My voice over remains at 100%. Let's play that to see how it sounds. Bees are a vital part of Earth's ecosystem. There you go. That music makes everything look good. So, congratulations. >> The music was very loud, Thomas. >> Oh, I see. I think it should be less than because it was to me it was very loud as the same as your voice. >> Well, that will be trial and error to keep it very you know >> of course. >> Mhm. >> If it's too loud and quite often it is because >> Sorry. Go on. >> I just want to ask you one question. So do you suggest if you want to bring let's say students have some slides they want to talk about it and they record it and then they bring the video with the audio to the I don't know if you hear me but because my internet is not good. So if we if we need to bring the video with the audio at the same time to add to the media to be used here and start editing or we just bring the video and then we record it in Adobe Express. Which way is more or both of this is okay? >> That's I would say both are okay. It depends on your personal preference and it will depend what the presentation is. Say, yeah, if you're giving what is essentially a PowerPoint presentation and you want a picturein picture with you speaking in the corner, I would recommend and I actually encountered this earlier today. I would recommend having all your slides in one timeline, opening up a new page like this, and then once you have your slides the way you like it, the way you like them, download that video and then bring them into a new timeline on your second page and then upload a video of you talking and That way you can line the video your spoken presentation up with your visuals without having to encounter the same problems we encountered earlier with one p with one video or one title being confined to a single clip if that makes sense. >> We will practice this. We might come back to you Thomas after this workshop. Okay, we have chance to leave it to this. Thank you. >> Wonderful. >> Okay, so we've got our voiceovers, we've got our music, we have our visuals that set it the way we wanted. So now we can download. I just want to add one final transition just for consistency. Now, and I do want to see how loud this music is. These are a vital part of Earth's ecosystem. See, at 20%, that sounds a bit more reasonable. So, like I said, the audio capacity in Express is new. So, best practice is keep your music around 20 to 30%. That way, they won't be drowning out your voiceovers. So our video is complete. All we need to do is download the video. We open up download. You'll see because we set up multiple pages just then you have the option of all pages or selected page. You just need selected page because this is our main timeline. You have file format options, PNG, JPEG, PDF, MP4. Obviously, we made a video, so you'll be exporting at MP4. Video resolution, 720, 1080 4K, you'll want to export at 1080. That's the standard across most viewing displays, like we covered earlier. 720 if you think it's going to a website that's doesn't have the capacity to support HD 4K if it's going to say a high-spec iPhone or something like that, but I wouldn't recommend 4K. All I have to do then is click download. If I want to share my presentation, I have the option of inviting collaborators. So they can log into their own with their own express accounts and work on it with you, but not simultaneously. Do not work on any presentations simultaneously in Adobe Express. That's a problem I've encountered before. It causes a lot of hassle. But you can add your friend's email in here and you can set it to only invited people have access or everyone at Swimburn University has access. I would maintain only invited people can access. That way it can just be kept to you and your group. And finally I would publish the web And publishing to the web is very similar to publishing an express page or spark post as it used to be called. You can publish the link. You can make sure your second page is deselected because we only want to export this main page. Give it a title and you can publish link. So, it'll present you with a web link that you can present to anyone. You can submit it to Canvas. You can send it in email. You can send it on text. And anyone with an internet connection will be able to view your video. Wonderful. That brings me to the end of my presentation today. With 10 minutes to spare, does anyone have any questions? And I'm happy to answer them. >> Thank you so much, Thomas. Again. , this was a starting point of us and Adobe Coaches to introduce you to this Adobe Express and since this is a new product we decided to go with Adobe Express video instead of the Adobe Rush. So I've tried to capture all of those elements that I've seen in past especially once I evaluate a students video assignments and the one they submitted to the competition. But I guess with these scenarios you can have you can think and create your video. Bringing your idea to this interactive you know video where you can add the audio, where you can add images, where you can add animation and make the background sound bring some kind of transition. But I like the idea of keep it simple and clear because there are too many, you know, effects. It's not going to be it's distracting us. But I love the idea of how students make their assignments and especially once they bring the, you know, labels or titles for each section of their video, it's really helping us to think what is going to cover next. So that's a very great idea. , do we have any questions for , Thomas? Irene, I can see you're also in >> Yes, I'm in with all the students. >> I find this is easier to follow. I've wor some of the students probably they use I don't know whether you're familiar with Canva >> and I see a lot of familiar features here that I think we can adopt this one instead because for Canva to get access to some of the photos and videos you need to pay for the professional yeah fee. So while listening to Thomas just now I'm trying some of the things. So yeah it's it's quite easy to do. It's just that what's left is just the students ideas and how they put it together. >> Beautiful. Thank you so much. Irene is here from Sowak Thomas. So we have our u students from Sarowak here as well. So I hope what we share with Thomas was useful for you. Yes, very much. , about the Adobe coaches just now that Thomas offer is it available for Sarawat students as well? >> That's a good question. I believe well yeah yes they are available because we can we can hold drop in sessions over Zoom >> actually. Yes, I go back on that. Yes, we are available. Sowak students. I've spoken with Sarowak students in the past over Zoom >> and we've been able to help you just from screen sharing capacities alone. >> Okay, good. >> Thank you so much. So that bring us to the end of this session and again thank you so much Thomas for your valuable time. Please be in contact with our Adobe coaches and start creating your inspiring video with the social impact and submit it to us. Thank you so much everyone.