Hi, my name is Von. I'm currently a secondyear student at Swimbrand and I'm undertaking a double degree of engineering with law. And in engineering, I am currently majoring or at least hoping to major in megatronics. So, this semester I embarked on a rather interesting journey in one of my engineering units. In this unit, I basically worked in a team to research rural indigenous communities across Australia and to find problems they were facing and create solutions create innovative solutions using emerging technologies. While researching eventually my team and I settled on the township of Arukun, which at the time or at this time was facing water contamination issues. As I mentioned earlier, part of the research was actually developing an innovative solution which used emerging technologies. And this is where I designed this. So let's take a closer look at this design. This is a 3D printed component that can be attached to plastic bottles and even jars via solar distillation. So basically the way this design works is that water from the bottom container is evaporated by sunlight and travels up through the nozzle to the upper bottle where the water is later condensed back into clean and drinkable water. So as I mentioned earlier, it's very important that this design is 3D printed. And the point of this is not only to satisfy the criteria of having an emerging technology, but by 3D printing, I'm able to have a great level of flexibility in the design, making it more suitable for rural communities to be able to modify these designs. So, starting off, let's actually look at the body itself. Majority of the body is actually hollow where there are large gaps within its top surface. This was done intentionally to reduce print time and more importantly reduce material use. You see, as printers take longer to print, the probability of failures also increase drastically where small errors in calibration or print settings could would more likely result in a failed print. Another key feature that you would have probably noticed looking at this design is the connection points that are available on the left and right side. You might have already guessed, but the point of this is so you can actually connect multiple of these designs together and be able to filter a greater amount of water. The design is also made in such a way that it can be mounted using the mounting holes on the side to solid walls or surfaces to prevent it from tipping over while filtering. The nozzle is also printed separately to the body to allow the users to select an appropriate nozzle length depending on the bottle size. So for instance, for larger bottles such as 2 L Coke cans, you will need a longer nozzle whereas in smaller bottles you'll require a shorter one. You might have also noticed that the nozzle itself is in the shape of a triangular prism rather than a tube. This was done because printing a triangular shape is significantly easier than printing a circular tube. This means that the prints will be not only more affordable but also more reliable as less supporting structures will be required. You might have also noticed that there's a change in nozzle width across its length. This was done to actually get over the limitations regarding tolerances within 3D printing. So when fitting the nozzle together in this design, instead of placing the nozzle on top of the design through the cutouts, you would actually press fit it from underneath and later glue the gaps. This means that the design is actually more reliable and more likely to work even if different layer heights are used during the print. Overall, I believe that this project provides a simple yet effective design for providing access to clean water. In conclusion, it was an absolute blast working on this project as he has taught me many valuable lessons that I've been looking forward to using further down my career. So, that's all from me. Thank you for watching and I hope you've learned something today. Take care and have a good day.