# VIDEO: Design for Change: Showcase 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-01

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to design for change 2022. We are very excited to see the other adaka another run and for this program design for change and of course this is the STEM prototype competition. So we are going to continue and of course the session is recorded and we are going to invite the comp competitors to turn on their video when they need to answer to the judges and then we have a short Q&A after each video and the winner is going to be announced at about 5:55 and we are going to have a screenshot of and you know this events and that is going to be the memory. All right. So in the beginning I would like to go with the acknowledgement of country on behalf of those present I acknowledge the traditional owner of the land on which we now meet. I pay my respects to their elders past present and emerging. I also pay my respect to all Aboriginal and traditional owner of the land in here in Australia and Malaysia and hope that the path towards reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. So I guess everyone for those who don't know about the design for change they are here to be ready maybe to participate in the next year competition. This is one of the competition under the shaping STEM futures. So we are aiming to develop Swimburns you know helping and support the Swimburn students to develop their communication technical skills and digital skills in a very multip multidisciplinary collaborative approach where they can play risk and act as an entrepreneurs. And we would like this program aims to foster the building of digital literacy that will empower students with the skills that they need for the future career and they can inspire the community and contribute to the industry vision. So our judging panel for this design for change started in 2021. So we always have Claire. I hope that she is with us. Otherwise we are going to have her comment in the Duna online score and Shariel is with us from the insurance Australia group. And we have Elliot Henkle which is who is our industrial designer from design factory Melbourne which is located at Swimburn. So the design for change is our initiative and I'm working with my colleague Keslan from computing science and Elliot and again our collaborators are from Adobe team employability team my colleague in Saraveak and welcome to Irene I see you are in the audience so and of course the Heleni from the in from our industry partner so they are very valuable to us and without their help we cannot do this. So the design for change of course we would like to have support our industry partner and our community organization partners and we would like to support their visions which is about making the world a safer place to live or inspiring the women's and girls into the STEM. Of course that is also aligned with our vision which is let's make the world a better place to live. So we usually have u a series of workshops with the purpose of providing the training the required training for everyone any students at simben here in Australia and Sarowak to participate with a passion in STEM. So Adobe XD Adobe Rush startup pitch presentation it's already covered the recording is available in soon employee page employability team working with us and of course today this is the live showcase where we have three finalists with the inspiring video of their you know STEM design which is a design solution to a challenge which they are going to explain. So the judges choice is going to achieve 400 bucks. We are going to have a feedback from our industry partner and we are going to have a certificate of for of participation for everyone what you've done and this is the amount of time which you spend beyond your unit and the assessment is going to be recognized and this is going to be part of the emerging leaders program. Fiona is going to be with us when the judges are going to make a decision to tell you about emerging gly's program. If you don't know story of success for the winner is going to be published in Swing news letter. So behind the union and assessment we would like to acknowledge those talented students who contribute in this kind of activity. So I guess the judges and the participants they all know about the criteria that we are the judges are going to consider for today's 4m minute video and I'm not going to explain all of the details you're aware of this criteria and as I said the workshop one workshop two and the workshop three they're all recorded and their information it's available for anyone who is interested to watch and of course employability team and this is about supporting students to be ready for their future job. So of course you need the evidence of your contribution, the campus contribution, communication skills, teamwork, leadership. Please contact us. We have professional training and this is one of them which you already did a great job. Nothing is going to be ahead unless we have a list of the talented students in this busy schedule who decided to join us. I cannot find a word to say how grateful I am and our team it's really excited about your story and your design prototype solution. So I'm going to stop sharing and I would like to invite the first team. So we have three finalists. We can we are going to hear about the safer tracking logistic in Australia. We are going to hear about AI implant dentistry and we are going to hear about leader which is an animated automated sorry an automated in vessel composting system. So there are great initiatives and I we are going to here so I'm going to stop now I would like to invite the I guess we go with the first team I think in the scoring the online scoring that I've shared with the judges from memory cheril could you please I guess that is a good actually introduction if you want Sheril to introduce yourself maybe one minute peach I can certainly do that once I press the unmute button that's a good idea so hello everyone I'm from I A and I've worked for I a who's got a bunch of insurance brands that you would have heard of like NRMA and RACV and several others I've worked for I AG as a solution architect in cloud and infrastructure for three years now and before that I was in some very large global outsources working in infrastructure engineering there. So look I'm really glad to be with you today. If you want to you can find me on LinkedIn, Cheryl Savage under IIG. And so I'm really grateful for the opportunity to talk to you today. Thank you, Charil. And now I have you on board. I'm not sure if Elliot, you have access to the audio video. You want to introduce yourself as u the you know our judging panel. >> Hey everyone. I'm Elliot Henle. I'm working alongside the design factory and the proto lab at Swimburn at the moment. So, , it's been a crazy semester with everyone back on campus. , and yeah, I'm excited to see your results tonight. >> Thank you, Elliot. So, now I would like to ask Sheril to invite the first finalist. Maybe you want to go from your online scoring and I let you to invite the one member of the first finalist team. >> Okay. I think is the first finalist team the AI implant dentistry team I believe. >> Okay. So, >> is that cute or >> who's going to be nominated? , who is nominated to share the video? If you're ready, please start sharing. >> , here I'll share the screen. >> Janica will be sharing. >> We just need to make sure the audio is adjusted. Everyone can hear. Thank you. Hi, I'm Nikita. Today I will be presenting our innovative dental implant detection system. Let me introduce you to the team. PV is our project facilitator and myself Nikita and my team members key Hong and Chanaka or final year master of data science students. We envisioned using STEM technology to provide a feasible solutions to real life medical problems which is cost effective, innovative and makes an impact on society. So, have you had a dental implant? And do you have an implant passport with you? As a dentist, have you ever wondered what is this implant? So, let me explain. There were 509,600 overseas migrant arrivals from year 2019 to 2020, of which 22% of them were on student visa and 4. 1% were PR holders and 13,000 special eligibility and humanitarian visa holders. Often these temporary migraines do not have the medical records with them. Similarly, around 15,000 Australians travel overseas to get implants. A dental implant needs a variety of maintenance appointments for the following months and years and doctors need to identify the dental implant correctly by looking at the implant X-rays. This is why we created our automated implant classification system. Our implant system uses a novel deep learning AI algorithm named TvG15 VG16 gap mask R C andn. We used an end toend highle design for end users who can utilize the application with some simple steps as follows. Users can upload the files. Users can trigger the prediction via calling APIs by choosing models in the parameter list. The system does save the prediction results which includes prediction labels and accuracies and returns to the front end to display for users. This system will benefit dental practice in many ways. This is a quick solution for patients without medical history. No need for multiple consultations to identify the implant and an air based solution built with multiple deep learning models with excellent accuracy. We used three types of dental implants in data site such as straw man, bicon and bigo. Each image file was passed to several data augmentations to increase the training data and reduce overfitting. Novel TVG15 is a modification of VG16 architecture deep learning CNN model with 13 convolution layers, two dense layers and one global pooling layer. Results show that TVG15 has overall model accuracy of 79% and 78% for VG cap. As shown in this table, model T VG15 and VG16 gap has given 70 and 66% precision respectively for BO. Likewise for BCON precision is 96% and 98% respectively and for stro it is 80 and 78% respectively. DVG15 model training time reduced by 4. 3% to VG16 which helps to deploy current clients over internet environment to get fast results. We are going to demonstrate how to detect implant type. The dentist will upload the X-ray image using the select button and click on the dental implant area. It will create a boundary box around the implant and you simply press classify button. It will classify the implant. Results are shown for all three models. Let us look at the instant where we classify multiple implants. As before, we upload images and press classify. Then sees what each model is predicting and can also select the model from above to predict results. After classification, we can save results as an existing patient or a new patient and also if the dentist feels that predictions are not correct, can manually select the type. Helps save time and allow doctors to focus on treatment and it reduces number of appointments for patients. It is cost effective for both patients and doctors. It also helps migraines with lost or no tender records. As part of the future work, we plan to implement reinforcement learning AI model and to improve the model accuracy and to create an inbuilt patient record system with a search engine with multiple implant type details and to also create a system that can take input of DICOM X-ray file directly into the system. Thank you. All right, thank you so much. , I guess now I would like to invite the competitors the first finalist to turn on their video and audio and be ready because we are going to ask our judges today. Elliot and Charil are here to and I'm going to take the time because >> we are able to have up to four to five minutes. So Charil or Elliot who's going to start? >> It can be just a comment. >> Yeah, I guess my first comment is what a wonderful idea. Something that you know I wouldn't have realized was a need until you until you actually explained it. So I thought that was that was really interesting to me. I guess as not being a data scientist I wasn't immediately understanding why I cared about the different kind of bon strawman types of modeling. But I guess when I little did a bit of research, I realized there were different kinds of dental implant modeling kinds of things. So that I certainly learned something. So that was very interesting. I guess I also really liked at the you know how you said what your next steps were going to be. I guess I'm curious to know with the next steps around the database with records in there. Was there any kind of consideration around what that looks like in terms of privacy of medical records and what kind of challenges you think you might have there? So the biggest challenging for storing image images is going to be you know like how to manage the architects of the server because you know so basically the decom the like the output from an X-ray machine is a particular sort of image that is really heavy and it's because it need to have a lot of information in it. So basically the next step that we really have to consider is how to basically store those sort of emit and then converse it into them some sort of the like some sort of smaller tie so we can process it but still guarantee the precise of the system. So that's going to be the future of the you know of our system. And in term of security we thought about it but we didn't really like the you know think about it really through. So it's it's not really something that we really you know think to so thank you very much for that information for that question. Actually it's is really another concern for us. Yeah. Well, it was a next step, right? But I'm just c we come across in, you know, in the industry a lot now when you're talking about customer data and privacy and those kinds of things. , you know, there's quite a few considerations around that. >> Yeah. But also but because we are considering to using the cloud system. So the infrastructure of the security for now to save a time of develop developing and something and then more work to do. So we just rely heavily on the cloud system. So they support the security heavily. And then you know in the future if we need to have some sort of like the privates database or something like that we would consider another step. >> Sure. And it's more about customers actually complying to say I you know I know that you are storing my data and I give you permission to do that. So it's kind of more around that. Yeah. >> Yeah. That's a right concern I would say. >> Now considering the time I'm wondering if Elliot can manage in one minute to ask a question and the answer the question. >> my first question was probably going to be around security. I know in Australia there was a lot of discussions over when the medical records tried to go digital. So it is an issue that people quite feel quite strongly about. And it would be good to see maybe even like a story board of how the users and the practitioners will use that in the system. And as Cheryl said, it was a bit of a bombardment of information for people who aren't as knowledgeable on sort of computer sciences and dentistry. So maybe introducing some of those terms in a bit simpler way would really help us understand those better. But yeah, I did understand it by the end as well of sort of which implants were which and stuff like that. So great job guys. >> Thank you. >> You're on mute better. >> Thank you so much the judges. That is the very useful and important comments. So I guess this is the pitch for the investors. So if you don't sell the idea to the investors then they might struggle you know providing the funding to you. So but good job, great job, great topic and thank you so much. So I guess we are going to ask Sharil to invite the second finalist and then one member of that. >> there we go. So the clocks folks I think are the next ones. Clocks A. We see >> trucking and >> logistics. >> Safer trucking logistic in Australia. >> Easy. >> Yeah. Oh, hi. >> You said you want to go? >> Yeah. Yeah, I'll go. That's fine. , so my name is Tristan Sly. , I am the I'm a thirdyear computer science student doing computer Yeah, doing computer science. , and I'm here with one of my colleagues, , James Vervos. >> How you doing, guys? >> Yeah. , and do you want me to share my screen? I can share the video. >> Yes, that's fine. >> We just want you at this stage to share your video. Then we ask you, >> right? There you go. , can you see me? Yeah, that's fine. , so I'll just share my screen. >> , can you guys see that? It's a black screen at the moment. >> There you go. Is that all good? >> Perfect. >> Perfect. >> Oh, it's got an audio. We don't have an audio. >> Audio. Whoops. Sorry, >> Sam. I know that you have a solution for that. Could you please advise? >> Yeah. So, when you go to share your screen, there's a little tick box that says also share audio. And just make sure you've got that ticked as well. >> Ah, there you go. Thank you. Yes. Sorry about that. Pretty new to Zoom, so >> How about this? Hi there. We're the team working on the trucking logistics project for Clocks A. Have you seen this on the news lately? Well, how about this? Well, our client Clocks Aims to prevent accidents like these from happening on our roads. There is nearly $200 billion worth of major infrastructure projects to be built over the next decade on the east coast of Australia, mostly in major cities. All of these projects rely upon trucking logistics to successfully deliver to site. A key risk for these projects is the safe movement of trucks through urban centers when taking into account other road users. Currently, supply chain logistics is very much paperbased where it's hard to keep track of important documents for every construction project such as driver's licenses, vehicle inspections, and more. The core problem being that many drivers simply use apps such as Google Maps as a way to navigate to their destinations. The problem here is what happens if the app takes them to a bridge or a road, which is not suitable for a truck. Our project aims to solve this problem, allowing route planners to enter in a custom route that drivers can navigate to on their mobile devices, whilst tracking and ensuring drivers do not deviate from the supplied routes unless there is a good reason to do so. In the first few weeks of development, we worked with Clocks A to establish what their vision was for the application and created some designs which are being utilized for further development. The project consists of a full stack application with three different interfaces. Firstly, the fleet manager interface. This is a web application which allows the user to create custom routes and send them directly to the appropriate driver for navigation. The application will also allow the logistics manager to track their locations of trucks in their fleet via GPS, upload key documents such as licenses, and manage their sites, drivers, and routes all within the app. The driver app allows drivers to sign into a truck via a QR code and provides turnbyturn navigation directions to the site based on the custom route the logistics manager created in the web app. The application empowers drivers to report any issues or concerns they may have, whether that's in regards to the safety of the truck themselves or the route set by the logistics manager. Lastly, the site manager interface. This will handle trucks entering onto individual sites where they can scan a driver's QR code and either approve or eject a vehicle onto site. We utilized ReactJS for the front-end development of the web application. And for development of the mobile apps, we opted for React Native to allow for location tracking, custom routing, and turnbyturn navigation within our project. We also opted to use Mapbox map API and navigation SDK. The backend architecture will be built using AWS Amplify to manage backend logic securely within our applications. We're all excited to contribute to a project that has the potential to improve road safety for all users on Australian roads in partnership with the clock team. >> Yeah, there you go. So, >> perfect. All right. So now we are open to the Q&A and the judges >> stuff. I think I better let Elliot go first this time. So he gets a turn. >> , nice job. It was really nicely presented. , a few questions I had and this is probably going to be my ignorance again. , is there many systems that you can borrow off or use their infrastructure to tell you heights of bridges and stuff like that? I think I might have missed that somewhere in there. , but for instance, like the Monteu Street Bridge, is there a system that exists already to tell you things like that? >> , >> yeah. So, oh, did you want to go? >> No, no, you can go. I was going to ask if you wanted to do >> Yeah. Easy, easy. So, essentially, , bridges like Montigue Bridge and there's a few other main ones that are based in especially Melbourne or Victoria. Companies that actually work with supplying the logistics of trucks and where they're going actually present and have like a manual of locations like this and they can enter that into the application and we can use like a collision or object avoidance detection method to prevent them going through those routes or creating those routes. >> Cool. And would there be a possibility, I know Japan and Germany have it in certain places where they can speed limit cars based on GPS locations. , could there be a way to integrate that with controlling sort of the , ECU of a truck or something like that as well? >> Yeah, potentially there could be, but for this prototype, I wouldn't think so because that would mean using the hardware and the truck hardware as well might be a little bit out of scope for this. But there's potential to do that down the line for sure. >> Awesome. , yeah. No, it was it was very well thought out. , and I think would be amazing. I live in Kensington and there's a bridge in Kensington get crash gets crashed into almost every Fortnite. So, , yeah, >> it's a big problem. It cost a lot of money. >> Yeah, >> the one in Kensington doesn't have those things hanging from the bridge before though, which the Montigue Street Bridge still has. And I don't know how people still crash into it. It's crazy. It is really crazy. >> Yeah, guys. >> Thank you, Elliot and Shereel. >> I'll echo Elliot's points, but I guess yeah, I really saw your clear use case and your clear problem statement and also your product architecture and your interfaces into that. That was all really clearly and well thought out. So, I thought that was a really great job. And yeah well done. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. The now we are going to the last finalist and again I invite Sharil to invite one member of one member of the leader team please on the in vessel composting system. Yep. Yeah. I'll share my screen now. >> Thank you, Nick. >> Can you guys see that? >> Yes. >> My name is Alex and I was one of the hardware developers. >> My name is Jackson Simmons and I was also one of the hardware developers on the project. >> I'm Chundan and I'm the developer for this project. Hi, I'm Ben CK and I'm a front-end developer. >> Hi, I'm Nick French. I'm a front-end developer and we're a part of Leader, an innovative way to make composting easy and accessible to households or businesses with little to no gardening experience. In Australia, nearly 7. 6 million tons of food is wasted per year. That amounts to approximately 312 kilos per person on average. 80% of this waste is sent to landfill, creating 3% of our total emissions. That's equivalent to nearly 13 million tons of carbon dioxide annually or as much as Australia's highest emitting coal fired power station. When organic waste is left to decompose in landfill, it doesn't get the proper aation it needs, reducing methane and carbon dioxide gases. If more households composted, we would drastically reduce the waste going to landfill. But there's a catch. Typical household composting takes months to complete, often resulting in more food waste being produced than can be composted. Our client found that by optimizing the carbon to nitrogen levels of the input and using a closed in vessel system, this total composting cycle can be reduced to just 60 days. This is where Lita comes in. An in vessel composting system fully automated by IoT, producing a carefree highquality composting solution for households. Lita creates a controlled environment for the food processing microorganisms to thrive in. It achieves this through the automated rotation of each chamber, aation of compost, and proper heat insulation. By expanding on the previous work of last year's students, we've been able to take our client vision even further. We've improved on the existing Arduino Raspberry Pi IoT solution with more sensors and controls, allowing us to collect more data about oxygen, carbon dioxide, methane, temperature, and moisture levels of each installed compartment, while also providing the system more micromanagement control by the use of air pumps and motorized paddles. Information collected throughout the composting life cycle is uploaded to the cloud, allowing consumers to view details about the process anywhere in the world. This information is displayed on the Lita mobile app, providing real-time sensor readouts, graphs of current and previous composting life cycles, and system logs when compost is mixed or airated, giving customers a piece of mind that their composting system is working, while also providing some educational insight into what's going on. The mobile application is built using React Native, suitable for Android or iOS, making easily accessible to everyone, no matter what type of device they use. With Fleeter, we believe we can provide households with a carefree composting system without the tedious maintenance or knowledge required for typical home composting, allowing Australia to start reducing his overall household waste and get us on track for a greener future. Cool. >> Thank you so much. And now we are open again to the judges. >> Great stuff. , I'll go first. Will I Elliot? Sorry. Real quick. , good stuff. Really like I like how we've got hardware developers and we've got front-end developers in this. That was pretty cool. Bringing the team together to create something real and we could see it demoed and those kind of things. It's got a really clear obviously link back to the those real purposeful things that we're trying to solve here. In terms of you know making the world better and those kinds of things I guess and I really liked you know how you showed the how the technology works in terms of IO pretty clearly. , what I'm curious about is, , have you thought about, , how you kind of make this proposition viable from kind of a or attractive from a cost perspective for kind of businesses and households. It's kind of really clear what the climate benefits are and why people would want to do it, but there might need to be a bit of a niche around how that works for both businesses and because I think at the beginning you said businesses as well as homes. So I'm curious to know if what your thoughts are around that. Yeah. So I think our client's vision is to kind of package it up as kind of an app and then obviously the hardware and the actual prototype and then give that to a customer either that's home or businesses or something could use it. And then they kind of just I guess connect it to the internet and see the requirement and then their phone would connect up through cloud somehow. So it's going to be kind of all packaged inside the prototype. In terms of like ongoing costs and stuff, we have to work that out. But >> yeah, >> got you. But kind of like an appliance, right? >> Yeah. Yep. Exactly. >> Y that you package up and Okay. Very good. And the only other thing I'd say is I got a little bit confused when I saw lots of plastic bottles in the pictures when it was about composting, but it was all about the whole let's do the right thing about recycling. So that was that was still all cool. >> Thank you, >> Elliot. >> Thank you, Sher. Thank you, Elliot. >> Hey. , great job. , it was very well presented. I liked the as same as Cheryl, the hardware was in there. , the app was in there and you demonstrated the use of it a bit. So, it really gave it a lot of context. , and I think it's all in all it's a great thing that would be if it were to become real, it would be a really great thing for people to understand a bit more about it and also just sort of cut out that huge amount of waste that we have in the going into landfill. I know I grew up composting my whole life and it is a lot of work and there's a lot of things that you need to know about it as well. So yeah I really resonate with that. So yeah great job. Thank you. >> So are you planning if this comes to be commercial are you going to purchase that leader with automated you know inversal composer Elliot? It would be a lot more convenient. Because yeah, it stinks. It's not fun to work with. So I understand why a lot of people don't do it. >> so yeah, making that process a lot smoother will probably encourage a lot more people to do it. >> Okay, sounds good. All right. So now with this last session for the Q&A, I think this bring us to where I need to act. And please be patient because this is the first time I'm going to break make the breakout rooms using teams. So I'm going to invite Elliot and Sharil to stay in breakout rooms. Allocated 15 minutes but I know if you can make a decision let's say in 5 minutes 10 minutes please join us you can join automatically at least I try to I just need to assign and then meanwhile we are going to have Elliot and Cheriel in the breakout rooms the part we in the main room we are going to have a presentation a short presentation. I'm just looking to see if I can we are going to have a presentation. Fiona is going to present. Can you tell me if you see did you >> Yeah, we've been invited. We'll join there now. >> All right. Good. I'm successful. All right. Now Elliot, you're here still. Oh, good. So now I think we are going to Meanwhile, Elliot and Shariel are going to decide who is the winner of the design for change 2022. Again, I want to say thank you to all of the you know finalists. You're all the winner to me. I guess the amount of time and efforts you put and this time you coming to the live showcase that is your old champion and of course just with the purpose of this competition we have one winner but please you are going you're great. So Fiona could you please update us with the amazing glitter program what it is and this finalist they all can apply for it. Thank you. Thank you so much, beta. And I want to say that I really enjoyed watching those presentations. I was I they were very professionally done. So congratulations. So I don't know how much you know about the emerging leader. This has just asked me to talk for five maybe 10 minutes. I'll try and keep it fairly brief. This is a optional program that you can enroll in Swimburn and I strongly encourage you to do it particularly based on the quality of what I've just seen. So emerging leader is a program that gives you recognition for a diverse range of experiences you're probably already involved in and it gives you an opportunity to document the activities and what you actually do was you'll get actual formal recognition. So you'll receive a digital certificates and really importantly when you complete the emerging leader program which is made up of four certificates is actually shown on your academic transcript and research has shown that when you go for job interviews employers actually look at and ask students questions about what is the emerging leader program. So let's just go through and have a quick look. So what does an emerging leader mean? So it means it's helping you to have a better understanding of what it is not only that you want from your career but about your actual your purpose in life. It can help develop your self-belief, your motivation and it's about helping you to build resilience by embracing challenges and that can also help to give you confidence. So anyone can apply. So, all currently enrolled students can apply to be involved in the emerging leader program. , you do need to be aware of that if this is your, you know, if you've got your last semester coming up, you need to have applied for all certificates and finished your program before you actually graduate. So, what is the alerting emerging leader program? So there are four leadership categories or certificates and there you have to display six skills. So there are eight different types of leadership categories or certificates. Only one of them is mandatory that's career development and then the other three that you can choose. So, we're actually I'm going to talk very briefly tonight how what you've been involved in with your competition can go towards a campus participation. For those of you who might have done an internship or a part-time job, could apply for industry experience or even one of the ones we just saw there may even be involved in the sustainability if you're involved in a sustainability club at university or in some sort of sustainability activities. And then as well as having four leadership certificates, you actually need to demonstrate six skills and there are 10 skills there and you choose which of those you want to have a look at. We'll just go through them very quickly. So these are the different categories. There's a little bit of information about each of the categories or the certificates. So career development is mandatory if you are and we'll have a look at this in a moment. There's one of the units that you do within one of the science units where you can actually by successfully completing that unit you'll actually be eligible to receive this certificate which then leaves you with three more. So there's usually 40 or 50 hours involved in completing these. So let's just have a look at an example of how you might plan for an emerging leader. So for those of you who will either be doing or have done the communication for scientists, this actually by successfully completing this and I think it's assessment tasks two and three from memory or three and four. You won't need to actually apply because your unit coordinator visa will actually send me a list of all the students who pass. You'll that'll be uploaded automatically to the emerging leader program. So you'll probably get an email that says hey if you haven't already please apply and then there's one certificate done. So this is just an example. You can choose any four categories or four certificates that you want to do. I've just shown an example here of someone who might have chosen we have to do career development. Then you've got an industry experience as I said whether it's a part-time job. It's an internship. It's something that's involved in a work. You'll provide some evidence of a pay slip perhaps. And then you might choose an ability, you know, a particular skill like ability to tackle unfamiliar problems. You write what's called a star reflection which is usually two to 300 words on each skill that you're doing and then you submit that we've got sustainability for example and then the campus participation. So you may have taken part in any competition like tonight or the start talking competition something which involved a lot of work that is also aims to help other swimburn students as well as benefiting swimburn. As evidence we have what's called an activity declaration form that can be signed by your supervisor. You'd identify your skills. So, I think one of the things that I wanted to let you know is that some of the things that you're already perhaps doing on campus or volunteering in the community or if you're a member of your local sports club association, not just a member, but you're a committee member or you're volunteering to help someone develop a website. These are things that you can use towards your emerging leader program. Sorry, I should have shown you those. All right, so what's the process? So, you actually register and I'll show you the link at the end. You decide which four certificates you're going to complete. You add your activities. So there's a whole range on the emerging leader website as to the some examples of activities you can do. You'll add it with the evidence to the emerging leader portal. So just a note the activities have to have been undertaken while you're at a Swimburn student and within the past two years. You can only count an activity once. So if you're say for example using competition and you're applying for the campus participation, you couldn't then use it for something else. You write a star what's called a star skill reflection and then you'll upload it to the emerging leader portal. You will need to be careful that there is a deadline you know at least a few weeks before you're due to finish your course. So main benefits well there's several benefits. One is it really enhances your employability. So employers want to know more about you than just what you've studied at university. So these certificates that you'll receive you'll get digital certificates. You can actually add them to LinkedIn. They will actually go on your AC you'll get a acknowledgement on your academic transcript and really importantly they help prepare you for your job applications and interviews because most interviews today have behavioral questions like tell me a time when you worked or tell us a time when you've had difficulty working in a team. And by doing the star reflections, these actually help prepare you. They give you good responses that you can use in an interview. So it actually does provide you with a point of difference. So research that we took a few years ago showed that emerging leaders are more likely to be employed after graduation, 92% as opposed to 81% in our control group. Emerging leaders by doing a range of activities tend to become more confident because they're putting themselves in different situations so they can develop leadership skills and employers really value the experience oops of being an emerging leader very positively and almost or over 43% of emerging leaders were directly asked about their program on their resume and transcript and I actually had one of my old students who was letting me know that she actually got the job because her employer really valued what she done and obviously she had a range of wonderful skills. But the deciding factor she told me because employer told her afterwards was the fact that she had this additional program that she'd been involved in. So if you're interested in finding out about more you can either take a screenshot and send me an email. That particular link will take you straight through to the emerging leader portal. Look, based on what I've seen tonight, I would love to see you sign up for the emerging leader program because I think it will really round out what you're doing and you'll have that formal acknowledgement on your transcript and really help you as a person. So hopefully Bisa, I've made it within the time frame. >> Thank you so much. Thank you so much Fiona. All in on time. So we promised that at 5:55 we are going to announce the winner. So now we have Sheril and Elliot. So I guess I would like if you have any general feedback for the three teams and you know some advice and then we are going to have the announcement for the winner of the design for change 2022 and then we are all going hopefully to turn on our video for a few seconds. I can take a screenshot and then that is the end of the event. >> Thanks VA. I guess I guess we talked through we had a bunch of our questions during you know the sessions before. I'd just like to say I think they were all awesome. I was really honored to be actually be and a bit excited to see what the what you young brains are doing and what we've got to look forward to. So, I think you've all done an excellent job and it was a really hard decision to actually pick out of the three of you. >> , I reiterate Cheryl's comments. , all three teams did a really good job. , the composting system was really well thought out. , had a lot of information in there that was easy to understand. The trucking system it was again really easy to understand and something that I can really see making a lot of change and helping something that's quite annoying at times. And the dentistry was something that I hadn't ever thought of but obviously it is quite a big problem. So, , well done on all of those, , , projects. , but all that aside, , I would like to congratulate Nicholas, Alexander, , Trung, Ben, and Jackson, , with their leader composting system for winning, , this year's competition. >> Thank you. >> Well done. So, thank you so much, the judging panel. Again congratulation to all of the finalists to us you're all the winner and I really appreciate if now I know that we are about to finish if you can kindly if it's possible you're in the environment that you can turn on your video for a few seconds and I'm going to wait for everyone to turn on the video then we can have a screenshot as a memory of the design for change 2022. So the I'm just waiting for the rest of the students. So the competitors so the story of success for the team who work with the leader as a design solution. So is going to be considered I'm going to be in contact with you. The this what is the certificate of participation is going to be handed to all of you and yeah well done so I promise that doesn't take time so okay three two one smile okay I think I'm going to test it if I happy with the quality so then that is going to be the end of our session. So I think all good. Thank you so much. So now we are at the end and end of the meeting. So I would like to again appreciate our industry partner Charil on behalf of the insurance Australia group, Elliot on behalf of the and the factory design and our industry partner as well. And of course I would like to also appreciate Castelen and Elliot as my collaborator and Irene from Sarowak and Donna introducing all of this project promoting in the class. So very well done. So looking forward to have more students in 2023. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Thank you everyone. >> Thank you everyone. Thank you. >> Thanks. Thank you.