# VIDEO: Workshop 2: Adobe Express (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

That's >> Hello everyone. Welcome today to our design for change express video workshop. And I'd like to thank everyone who's come along to share your enthusiasm and to learn the fabulous skills that the Adobe Hub impart on us for today for learning about Express. So I'll begin with an acknowledgement of country. , we pay homage to Australia's original storytellers who remind us that storytelling is about deep listening. We recognize Australia's First Nations people for their ongoing connection to storytelling, country, culture, and community. And we respectfully acknowledge the traditional owners of the land upon which you're all variously situated today and recognize that it was never seated. And so, , many of you today are located in Warjury land. So we acknowledge the Wandery people of the Cooland nation and I'm joining you from Waterang Land. So thank you for that and so now we will introduce Bera Zephranu who is our leader in this project and who is managing the design for change process. So I'll hand this over to you beta. >> Thank you so much Carolene. So I guess I would like to also welcome everyone to the workshop. Of course that workshop is going to be covered by Talia but this is the agenda for today. So we are going to introduce the design for change competition 2025 and of course that will be covered today is the second workshop Adobe express for video production. If this video production is part of your assignment or if it's the four minute video as part of the design for change competitions which I will explain shortly then you are in the right place and you're welcome to join us and stay with us and engage with us. So Talia will be here to introduce herself after me and demonstrate all the key functions that you need to make an inspiring video. So with that I would like to go to a bit of intro to the design for change competition. So this is about us a group of passionate educators who have a vision to make a world a better place to live. For that we would like to invite you our students from Australia and Sarowak and beyond to join and share their design prototype idea as a solution to a real world challenge as a product that you can be proud of that product and of course we are going to be proud too because that can be something that you can apply your discipline knowledge. So the entry is a 4-minute video. It could be an individual who create the 4m minute. It could be a group of students as a team from multidisciplinary area that they create this four minutes. So to pitch their again their design and their prototype solution to address a challenge. And of course we have our industry partners, we have our collaborators and we have a judging criteria that Talia just presented. So you're welcome to follow up on that. We are going to share this recording with you. If you have any concern, you can come with us. But I think that will take us to the next slide where again this is the second workshop. We are going to invite you to come to our third workshop which is on 5th of May and that is when our industry partner kindly offer a guest speaker to cover that startup pitch presentation which is slightly different to what we are offering to our training in our discipline or in academia. So the audience is going to be some like investors who are interested in your solution or in your design solution. So that would be something in addition to your knowledge and that would be something that and a 4minut video of all of these aspects is going to be an entry to my email address by 30th of May and we are going to have a selected videos which meet the criteria for you know the competitions are going to be showcased with the presence of our collabor celebrities and the judging panel. Again, we have a connection with the industry that extended networking connecting you to the industry. It's helping you to be empowered with something that it's required maybe for your potential employees or something that the industry needs. And that's why we want you to have an opportunity to practice and learn from your by doing something learn and of course we always have a you know everyone is coming attending there are to us there are winners and they are champions but we are going to have a best selected video which is going to achieve up to 400 bucks And all of the finalists are going to receive a certificate of participation and we are going to publish a story of success for your innovative design idea. And with that it's we are coming to the again that summary. If you have any concern, if you're interested for design for change 2025, you can reach out to me and I'm happy to share the additional knowledge with you or you can just be in contact with Adobe team. So today is going to be a video production but beyond what we are going to learn from Talia today. She will inform you how to be in contact with the Adobe coaches and their amazing professional services to help you to shine on your assignment or your inspiring video in this competition. Thank you so much and joining you Talia. So if you can please introduce yourself and take us to the Adobe Express. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. , so my name is Talia and I'm an Adobe coach here at Swinburn, which essentially means my job here is to help you and support you with anything Adobe related. , so today I'm going to be going through how to use Adobe Express videos, which will be very relevant to the creation of your pitch. Before we start though, I would like to go through some of the ways that the Adobe Hub here at Swinburn can support you. So if you ever have any issues or want to learn something or have any questions to get in contact with us, you can either email us at adobehubinburn. Edu. Auu AU or you can book a one-on-one free 30 minute session and essentially you can come chat with us for 30 minutes anything Adobe related and we'll help you out. We have a location on level 3 of the library. However, if you are not in the Hawthorne campus, we do bookings online. , so anywhere in the world we can help you out and we are available for bookings Tuesdays to Thursdays 11:00 a. M. To 2:00 p. M. , we also have a Canvas unit which has essentially a bunch of tutorials for people beginner, intermediate, and advanced on essentially all of the Adobe apps. So if you want to in your own time learn something new there, feel free to check that out. And we also have an Instagram Adobe Hub Instagram if you want to check us out there and see what we're up to. Have some tutorials and updates on the Adobe Hub. So let's get into Express. So I'm going to show you how to log in. So if you search up Adobe Express online, the first option that comes up over here should be what you click on. And this page should come up and you can sign in over here by clicking sign in. Once that loads your login details, you will have an account automatically created if you are a student at Swinburn and it's just your Swinburn email and Swinburn password that you have created. If you do have any issues after this and you've entered your email and your password, however, it comes up with you do not have access to Adobe Express, please email it. They may be able to help you out. This does occasionally happen sometimes because of some errors here and there and some students accidentally click personal account instead of school or business account which will disable your access to the suite that Swidburn has given you. So contact it and they should be able to easily help you out there. So once you have logged in to Adobe Express, you should be greeted with a page that looks like this. And this is the website Express. And not only do they have video formats, they have photo, document, social media, and web page format. So it's really a wide range of different media that you can explore here. But today, we're just going to do the video side. So to create a video, we're going to click the plus button up here. We're going to click video and you have some options here. We're going to click this video option that is widescreen. So we're greeted with a blank page here. But to upload a video or add video, there's two ways to do that. You can either upload a video that you have on your computer already or you can insert a video that Adobe has already made for you with Adobe Stock. So essentially they're stock videos. So we're going to start with the first option which is adding our own video. So I'm going to click add media over here and we're going to upload from our device. So anything that's stored on my computer I can use. , so I just have this video saved here and , although it may not be relevant this video to your exact prototype , pitch for design for change, , hopefully it still gives you the idea using this video for example of how you can use , the technical sides of Adobe Express to create your pitch and video. So now we've imported the video over here. , and as you can see, , our video's shown, the duration of it is over here. We can click this handle over here to go to and from our video very slowly, or we can rewind it. And you can see over here, this button shows where you are in your video. Or we can just click the play button, and that will make our video play at full speed. There we go. So you can see this video is imported in slow-mo. But we can also combine videos and edit them together. So one can play after the other. And how we can do that is we can click add scene over here. And that will add another video scene. And you can think of them like puzzle pieces almost. You can have a video here and then a video follows after it. And we'll show you how to rearrange and adjust them later. So, because I've already shown you how to insert a video from your desktop, I'm going to use the example of using a stock video instead. So, we can go into our media over here and click video over here. And you can see we're presented with a bunch of videos from Adobe Xtock, which under your Swimbun license are all copyright free to use. And we can also search for a video if we want a specific thing we're looking for. So perhaps I want to search up prototype. And you can see the durations of all the videos over here. And you can hover over them to preview. So I'm just going to insert this one for example. Click. And now it's in. You can see that there's a white border over here. So we want to get rid of that. To do that, we can just click on the video and we can adjust the borders. Going to make it a little bit bigger. So now if I see if I just click here, you can see the two videos play one after the other. Now let's get on to adjusting the video. So if you click on the video over here that we have, you can see we have an options for adjustments. We can adjust the volume. This video does not come with volume, but however, if it did, you can use the volume bar over here to adjust that. You can also adjust the speed. If you want it to slow down or speed up, you can do that with percentages. Another one that I quite like is the corners option. If you wanted your the corners of your video to have a little bit more roundness, you can do that by upping the button over here. And you can adjust the video over here in the adjustments button. And this is essentially you can color grain and color correct the video. So if I wanted more contrast, add up the contrast. Want more saturation, add up the saturation, etc. So, it's quite customizable. , you can adjust the video length. So, I'm going to see how long this I'm going to go back to this video for that. , and I can see that it is 18 seconds long. , if I scroll to the end, , if I can either adjust that from the beginning or the end of the video. So, if I wanted to cut a little bit of the end of the video out, I can just click on the end of the video and scroll back a little bit and it'll show me how long the video is once I've cut that end part out. So, maybe I want it to be quite a small video. And I can click on it to go to 10 seconds. And maybe I want to cut a bit of the top, too. So maybe I want to cut 5 seconds from the top. So now if I play now, you'll see that the video is 5 seconds long. , and then it will go into the next clip or video. There we go. , so now I'm going to move on to text and elements. So over here you can see that there's a bunch of tabs and we've gone from the media tab which where we can upload photos, videos and audios and now we can upload text or import text. So you can see there's a bunch of templates here if you would like to use them. And I think I will use them cuz they're quite stylish and you can adjust them as you please. So, I can just click on it, import it, and I can move it around as I please. And I can click over here onto the layers, which I will get into more. And might take a bit to just double click some of the templates. , because they have a lot of layers, it's a bit hard to edit the text. I'm going to click rewrite and h there we go. There we go. Just took a bit of clicks, but now we're here. So, I might say this is my prototype. I might just delete this. And edit a little bit. So that goes down there. Again, once you click on something, the item will show a bunch of customizable options. So you can see once I've clicked on the text here, you can see I can adjust the text. I can change the fill of the text. I can change the color of it. I can change the layout of it. If I wanted it to be a circle, it can be a circle. Change the opacity of it, size of it, really anything. I kind of want it to be centered, I believe, cuz I think that'll look the best. So, I'm going to align this to center. Maybe make it a little bit smaller. So, I've got my text here, and you can kind of see there's different things going on. There's text, but there's also a background here. And you can see in the layers panel that if I click on here, you can see that there's multiple layers. So, , the layers act as a hierarchy, essentially, a visual hierarchy. So, if I wanted my, , blue bubble to be on the top, you can see it's on the bottom. If I move it up here, you can see it's covering now the text. And if I move it, you can see the text underneath. So, , keep in mind that, , with the layers, you can really order the visual elements as you please. I'm going to move this these two to the center. And another thing you can add is elements. So these are just visual elements that can elevate your the look and visuals of your pitch. So perhaps I want to view my brushes and maybe I can add a brush over here. If I click on it, I can move it over here to the side, make it bigger, and maybe I just for keeping in the same form, I'll add the same brush and I'll add it over here. And I can rotate it a little bit as well. Clicking on and clicking the rotate. And that'll rotate it around. So that's texts and elements. And as you can see over here with our layers, we've got quite a few layers over here. , and we can move them around for to look at the hierarchy of them. , and see which one is placed on top of each other. , another cool thing is that you can add photos, audios, or you can add videos on top of videos. So, let's just say you were speaking and you had a video of you speaking, but you wanted another video of you in the background. So, hypothetically, what you can do, and I'm just going to use a template I meant a stock video for this example, is I could imagine this was you. I could add you in here. I could shorten this. Excuse me. There we go. Just drag it in there so it doesn't replace the other video. And if I play here, the two videos play at the same time. And if you wanted to record yourself and remove your background, you can click here and you can click remove background. It's not 100% accurate and it won't be 100% accurate every time, but I encourage you to give it a try and see if it works because if it does work, then it only benefits you. But it does take a few minutes to load. , do any of you in the call have any questions so far of where we're at or want me to reiterate anything so far that we've explored before I continue? >> No, Talia, that sounds good. I think keep going. >> Okay, great. So, as you can see over here, the backgrounds removed pretty seamlessly, , almost professionally in a sense, and the two videos will play at the same time. You can see now that the video when I click this another layer pops up here. And again with the layers you can adjust each layer individually on the timeline and extend and shorten the length. So to make sure you're doing that, you will have to make sure you're in selected layer view instead of scene view. Scene view was quite similar. However, it only shows the scene blocks. Whereas when you go into layer view, you can kind of get more intricate with the specific elements of your scene one by one. So if I click on this you can see and make sure you have show layer timing on. You can see that this pops up and this specific layer. And now I can adjust the duration of it if I please. So you can see it only goes to this duration cuz that's how long the video is. But if I wanted to shorten it, I could shorten it here. And if I play this, you can see it disappears at that point in the video. And you can do this with all your other elements to the video too. If you wanted them to pop in and show up at certain points. So if I wanted my prototype to pop up a few seconds in, I can do that, too. , now what we're missing from these videos, , as you might guess, is sound. So, there's a few ways you can import sound. And if you do import a video with sound, the sound will, , come with it. But if you wanted to separately import your own sound, there are a few ways we can do this. So, , if you wanted to upload an MP4 or a sound file, , you can do that the same way that we uploaded this movie. So, just have it on your computer. You can click the upload here or you can click add audio over here and click upload from device. You have a few options and modes pathways to upload it. Or I can I believe up the stock has a few sound effects here which I'm going to use again all licensed. I can preview them by clicking the play button. Quite like the first one. I'm just going to drag and drop that in here. And that music is going to play all throughout my video. I'm also going to reorder this, , which I can do pretty easily by just dragging this, clicking and dragging, and moving it to the end cuz I like this video to be at the front. So, that is another thing you can do. You can rate what videos. I might click play. >> And I can see that's a bit loud. So, I'm going to adjust the audio a little bit down. And you see you can also have fade in the audio. So, that will gradually get louder at the beginning. So, it won't abruptly start and you can fade out. So, maybe I can adjust the fade in direction duration to maybe 3 seconds. See how that sounds. Quite like that. , so that's music. And again, you can adjust the music. It has its own layer. You can move it around. , make sure you're in again selected layer view for that. If you're in scene view, , it's not going to pop up. , another thing we can add apart from music is a voice over. So if we go to audio and record voice over, we can record our voice directly from the computer directly in this app. So I'm going to test that out right now. Click record voice over. Allow. And start my recording. Hello. This is my prototype pitch. Welcome to my prototype. And before I click play, you can see that I made a little spelling mistake there. Prototypal. So, I'm just going to fix that. And now I'm going to click play and hear how I sound. Hello. This is my prototype pitch. Welcome to my prototype. There we go. If I wanted to split anything audio clip or clips in two to part them, I can do that pretty simply by hovering my mouse over where I want it. So maybe there are two thing two sentences I say in this. Maybe I want to keep one sentence there and move it the other sentence somewhere later in the video. I can do that by this is my prototype pitch. I want my sentence to end there. , let's say prototype pitch and then I can right click on here. , should be able to split it. , split. So, hover over where you want it to split. I'm going to figure out exactly where I want it to split again. And then click these three dots. And you can do this for the videos or any other elements a layer too. Click split. Now it's two separate clips and I can move them individually. So if I wanted a bit of a pause here between them, I can move that. So easily editable. If you have if you save something and you make a mistake, you can cut it out. You can move it around. You can really do anything that you want. So let's see how that sounds. Hello. This is my prototype pitch. Welcome to my prototype again with the not just music but you can also fade in and fade out dialogue as well which is really great and quite useful. So we're going to go now to uploading our video. , as you can see, , my video right now, it's not a prototype pitch, but, , just imagine the features that I've showed you and, , the possibilities to create a prototype pitch. So, we can download our video now by clicking download. And you can choose which file format you want. , so it shows you which is best , format for what we're intending. I'm quite liking MP4s cuz it is best for video. And you can choose your resolution size. I'm going to choose this one just cuz it's going to take less time to download for this example. And it's going to download. It does take a while to download and for the purpose of time sake I'm not going to down not going to show the full download. However, I assure you it does download and it will download as an MP4 on your computer and you can do what you want with that there. Another thing I'm just going to cancel download for the sake, but another thing you can do is you can share your project or your video directly from here. , if you invite someone who also has Adobe Express , installed on their computer, they can actually edit this video with you. So, if it's a group project, you can invite , using the emails , or add people here. , you can just type in their names and find it. , I'm going to type in my I don't have the email of anyone right here available right now, but once you type in someone there, you should be able to click add and then they should be able to edit it with you. So that's really useful if it's a team project. , you can, , also if you only want people to view, , the project but, , with a link but not, , edit it themselves, , you can go copy link. , I'm just going to go anyone with the link and anyone with the link can edit. So, this is another way you can share. So, copy link. Link's been copied. I'll test it out and see how it works. There you go. It just takes you to the express page again. And then you can edit it as a group, which I find really, really helpful. And everything's just loading. And we're back now. So, that's essentially the basics of it. And I would encourage you to explore the different nuances and more complex elements. And I'd encourage you if you get confused with anything just to give it a go and see if you can figure it out. Come back, refer to this video if you need. And of course if you get stuck we're book a free Adobe session. We're we're here to help you. We're here to anything if you think it's a stupid problem. I assure you it's not a stupid problem. Any problem that you have, anything you want to learn, anything you want to add regarding Adobe Express, we are here to help you out and everything automatically saves. So don't worry too much about that. If you go back to your express page over here, you just loading you can see in your stuff that everything is automatically saved. So I can just click in that. You don't need to save it, which I find pretty neat. , is there anything you wanted me to add in particular or had any questions again? >> , no Talia, that was fantastic. Thank you. So, , round of applause for you. , excellent session. Thank you so much. , so we can leave it there.