Hi, my name is Cat. I am part of the Adobe coach team here at Swinburn at the Adobe Hub. I'm joined by Beta. She is the senior lecturer for microbial biology in will and we will be covering the Adobe Express video workshop today. First of all I would like to respectfully acknowledge the wondery people of the colonation who the traditional owner of the land on which Swinburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east and pay our respect to the elders past, present and emerging. We also acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of lands across Australia, the elders, ancestors, cultures and heritages. All right. , thanks for joining, guys. I know there's probably still some people trickling in, which is fine. , just a quick workshop. , oh, did you want to say something now, Peta, or did you want me to finish with the >> Yeah, you just go to the agenda for today, then I will join at the end of this. >> Perfect. >> Cool. So, we'll just go over the workshop agenda. Basically, we're just going to be talking about the intro to design for change 2024 again just to have a quick refresher and remind us. Then we'll be talking about the Adobe Express video which is basically just covering how to create your videos with Adobe Express. Pretty simple, easy to use. Which will demonstrate key functions as well as audio and video importation. Then we'll be covering sharing and saving your videos and how you can learn more and things that may not be covered in this that are like little you know expert keys and features. So yeah I'll hand over to beta that will cover the intro to design for change. Thank you so much. So if you can stop sharing then I'm going to just share a few slide that I've prepared. >> So can you confirm cat that you see the slides? I >> can see. Thank you. >> Yeah thank you. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to this second Adobe workshop as part of the design for change competition 2024. So before we invite Cat to cover this to make the inspiring video of this competition that we are running. You might want to have this kind of video submission as part of your assignment or you might have this video submission as part of a conference you're attending. So yeah, I think that's the essential skills for everyone in any discipline. So if you're interested with this competition, so the final product is the 4minut video of a prototype that you design. So whether you are engineering or design students or STEM students or any you know art students any discipline you might be interested or passion or this part of your research to design a digital prototype like a mobile application or a website in to address a challenge or you might have a physical prototype that you would like to share with us in a format of 4minut video which you are going to pitch your imagine this is your startup idea and that's why I will share what would be the next training and then yeah you're going to introduce the challenge and you introduce your design as kind of an a recommendation or solution to this challenge in a format of a 4minut narrative video. So we hope that this prototype can unpack a challenge which is aligned with our vision make the world a better place to live. So of course for this competition if you're submitting your 4-minute video that is going to be evaluated by our judging panel in a live showcase. If your video is going to be selected as a finalist and of course for any of the program that we are offering we provide you with a training. So we had our Adobe XD now we have our Adobe Express video. So on 9th of May we are going to have our guest speaker from industry who is going to cover what is then an startup pitch presentation look like because you can see that depend on who is your audience you might want to use of the different structure or language or evidences to pitch your idea or present your idea. So if you're interested to u compete you are welcome to submit your 4minut video by Monday before 30th of May which is the live showcase and if you get a chance to be the winner of this design for change 2024 you get a up to 400 bucks for 4 minute video and That's about how you are going to be recognized because of your communications and your skills and you will get all the finalist get a certificate of participation and if you are part of the emerging leaders program if you don't know send me an email I can explain to you can get a credit for that and the story of your success if you are the winner will be published at swim newsletter. So I guess I try to capture why you are doing what you are doing. So this is the all of the list of the achievement for you. So if you scan this QR code you can see the winner of design for change 2023. He did a great job and comes with a 4-minute video of the physical prototype that he tried to create and design to address a challenge for the indigenous people. So that was amazing and if you need any information regarding this competition or any training workshop that we are offering please do not hesitate to contact me. All right, with this I'm going to stop and I pass this to Cat to take us through these exciting Adobe Express video training. Thank you, Kat. >> Thank you. I'll just share my screen again. There we are. Okay. So, first of all, I just want to make sure that everyone is logged into Adobe Cloud using their student ID. That way, when you search for the Adobe Express app, it'll guide you to the browser. You could also search up Adobe Express on your browser and log in with your student ID this that way. Either way it'll always guide you to this page here and that way you can see all the templates and all the pretty things you can make. So assuming you guys are all up to speed with the on this page we will be looking at the video function today. So there is a lot of things over here. Oh sorry in advance if you things in the background. Okay. So we will be looking at the video function. So it already gives you some templates here and because of the submission format we will be looking at the 1920x 1080p which is the size of a visual YouTube video. So first of all you want to be looking at this. So we want to click on this and it will take you straight to the creation page here. Now, because it gets quite messy once you make a few different videos, we want to name it straight away. So, at the top here, you can see untitled and then the date, so on. So, we want to click on that and we want to just name it something that we can remember it by. So, I'm just going to call it Adobe Express video one, for example. And it should update. There we go. And it updates of the cloud as well if you're in if you're logged into that. Perfect. So, the first things to notice with the video editing on the Adobe Express is that you have your timeline at the bottom of the screen, which is this here. So this will this little tab here will tell you how long a certain video or picture or anything in your like video is. It'll say the time at the bottom on the left as well as on the top right when you drag it. You can click on show layer timing. That way you can see other layers once you put them on top. So we want to tick that so that when we add other things we can see them at the top here. Awesome. So the video that we want to be the first thing we want to look at is media. In media here you can see already some templates and inspirations for you. But we want to look at upload from device. That way you can upload your videos and your images or any other things that you want to upload from here. I've got a video that I want to upload here. So I just click on this and it perfectly fits it onto the page already. Now this picture here is in the frame for 5 seconds. As you can see at the bottom here when I hover over it, when I stop hovering over and if I want to say I want to have this on for 3 seconds and then have something else on and then have it on for another two seconds, what I can do is I can left right click and split. That way it splits wherever the cursor is. So I can drag it along the timeline and make it even shorter because I have that's the only thing I have. So if I add another scene, I can drag it the other side of that scene. And now I've got a white and another one and it starts again for example. So I'm just clicking Ctrl Z just to go back. So we have the whole clip again. Now, when I click on the clip while I'm on the main screen here, there are some options on the left here. I have the option to crop it. And there's already some very nice presets here. So, for example, if I only want to if I want to make it a bit prettier, not just a square, I can, for example, fit it to a circle. So when I have a product that I want to show off and there is a lot of negative space around the image that I don't really want to show or it's not important, I can do something like this and it automatic sca automatically scales my video down and I can put anywhere on the screen and it plays just like normal. Now, , the remove background is also an option, though it works in ideal settings. I wouldn't use this if there's a lot of things going around on the background, for example, here. But it does work in ideal settings. For example, if you have a flat background with one color and the front object is not the same color. , here it's attempting to remove the background. Again, this is all including in your student license because we're cool like that at Swinburn. So, it's attempting to do its thing here. It is struggling a little bit because again, background's very busy. So, do use this feature knowing that it'll probably look a bit messy. I'm just seeing if this actually works. I think that's the good thing cat once we do some recording for example in the lab and there are something in the background that doesn't really want need to be in that image that recording and then you can just clean up that background and just focus on what you want to demonstrate. Yeah, >> exactly. And you can even have just a piece of paper in the background of your product for example. That way it gives that for the background for you to remove later on. >> , it looks like I just need to click out of it. I think I think it's Oh, there we go. Actually, it did a pretty well job. Good job, actually. And it still plays like a normal video. So, they actually did a pretty good job. , I'm going to remove that, but it's really handy. , now some other aspects here. You can obviously if the video you have has audio but you don't want that audio because you have a voice over you can it like this or you can just mute it completely like that. Again you can adjust the speed here as well. So, two times speed makes it faster and yeah, makes it slower. , opacity straightforward. You've got your opacity. And now we'll look at some blending options. Now, blending options technically means is how the image blends onto whatever is underneath. The video. But so right now underneath is white. So it won't much difference other than maybe some opacity. Yeah, some opacity things. But you can definitely have a play around with those because sometimes they're really nice effects that could come up. You can flip your video and some effects. Effects meaning basically just yeah just effects like monotone and your like video colors and stuff. So we can make it pink and you can even make your custom colors which is really cool. Now we'll just cover some adjustments. Again this is kind of like effects. So, if you feel like you have a video and it's getting darker outside where it doesn't look right with the other videos that you have, you can simply go to adjustments and just see if you can maybe brighten it up a little bit. That way, it kind of looks better with the other videos. Now for the animation, this is really cool because Adobe effects actually shows you and how to how the animation looks before applying it. So I want to see this butterfly come in from the left and then leave on the right. So how we can do that is by simply hovering over and seeing which effect gives me that desired the desired transition that I'm after. So, I feel like drift is a really good way for me to get that effect. So, I can even adjust how fast or how slow the butterfly comes in. So, there's a lot of custom sort of tweaking you can do with these. You can also even tell the program if you want it rather loud, which is like fast, or if you want it smooth, and it comes up really slowly and gradually. Say, ah, I don't want it to come from the left anymore. I kind of want it to come from the bottom. I can adjust that, too. Just like that. No tweaking of little buttons or anything. Just clicking on the arrows. Now, for me to be able to leave, I click the same thing again, but I say I want to leave from the top. So, it looks something like that. That way you can say if you have a u a little part that you want to explain about your product and it's not going to be on the screen for the entire time. You can gradually make it come up from the bottom or from wherever and have it as kind of like a highlight over your own videos. Cool. And the I want to just explain the looping. So the looping is something that happens continuously. It's mostly used to keep the audience's eye on something. So say you want to use say you want someone to notice something on a screen for a few seconds, you can add a sort of wiggle or blinking sort of effect to kind of guide the user's eye to that thing. So, we're just going to use that. So, it kind of adds that little wiggle and then it kind of moves off. It's really funky. You can have a lot of fun with it. , kind of like that. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. So, next I'm going to show you how to add multiples videos next to each other and on top of each other. So, we're going to go into media and we'll just choose one of the just one of the templates here. So, I kind of like this. So, for me to be able to use this, I kind of just drag and drop and it adds next to my butterfly here. Now, I want the butterfly on top of this video. So, how can I do that? He usually does it. Anyway, let me There we go. Sorry. I So, usually I can drag and drop, but I couldn't drag and drop. So, all I did was use I clicked on the video here that I want on top of my video and then I press Ctrl C to cut and then I press CtrlB on this video. Cat, can you please remind us how did you add that second layer so you can drag your video on the top of that? So, that was Yeah. Okay. Yep. So, the way I added this video here is I clicked on it and then I dragged and dropped it into the timeline here at the bottom and it automatically makes scene a new sort of clip. I guess if we have let's say two videos that we want to play at the same time and import it to the Adobe Express once we add them so they are coming in a sequence and then we can drag them on the top of each other and then we can start playing around. So is that correct? So by dragging that second layer is going to be created. >> Yeah, >> that's why I'm Yeah. Yeah. So once if you import more than one thing once it'll create a separate sort of however long sequence as it is. So, if you have already say you have video 1 2 3 4 and you already have sequence out, it'll go video 1 2 3 and you can drag it to keep it on the top of each other or you can keep it in the sequence to edit. >> , if you want something on top of another sequence, you'll have to do that once you're in the editor and you have the videos in the editor. >> Okay. >> , yeah. Yeah. , also just a quick note, this little thing down here is how you can zoom in and out. So, if you have long videos like this that are 30 seconds and you can't see the end, you can use this little button here to make the timeline smaller and bigger. Cool. , yeah. So, say we have two clips. , say this is clip number one and this is clip number two. And I want to add, say this is me speaking. And I have my product on this video here. And I want the product to be kind of shown at the top of the screen while I'm talking. I can take the product and I can click after I've done all my edits. So after I'm happy with how it looks, how I want the product to be shown, I can go Ctrl C. Go back to this to me talking. Click anywhere on the timeline and just CtrlV. Now my product is at the top here including the original file. So it has the original file still saved. So when I double click on it, you can still revert all these changes. So you can definitely go back to a star if you like. Can go back to how it was originally. So there's no set in stone. , yeah. So, once I'm happy with that, I can and it'll look something like that. Really silly cuz the transitions are really funny right now. But while you're talking, you can have your and have your product up here. But say you're talking but you don't want your product to come up until maybe few seconds in or yeah a few seconds in. You can click on this and it'll come up here and you can scroll all the way where you want it and the transition automatically adjusts to where you want it. So you don't need to move the transition or anything. Just like that. And it will go out wherever the clip ends. So, say I want it to end up here. I'm pressing space bar to play, by the way. And then, yeah. And then it moves down. That's a really easy way to kind of show off something while you're talking. And of course, you can do this multiple times. So, as many times as you want. Say you want five different things on the screen. You just Ctrl V and it adds another one. But depending on which one I click, only one will show at the bottom. So if I want to show this one, only at the start, only at the start. This is my This is me trimming the video. So this is me telling the program how much time I want it to show. So I want this one here to show this amount of time and then I want the other product to show here. So it's basic and that what you can So this is right now I'm pretty sure pretty sure this is a separate copy. Yeah. So this is a separate copy to whatever this is. So it would make more sense to use two different ones because right now it's not very obvious which one is what. But so the star one is one and got a square one there. Awesome. Now with the transitions, you can do this with any product. So if I want to do it to this one here, I just double click. I just click on this and our effects will be down there as well. So the transitions same as the star, same as the butterfly. Got a fade in, fade out and that way you can transition your videos. So if we want to add another video and we want to transition to that, we just go back to media or upload from device. That way you can upload your videos. See how it added it on top of this video. To stop that from happening, say like I don't want that to I don't want it to be on top of this. Just go to the end of your timeline. It should just it doesn't do that anymore. You can Oh, there we go. You can add as a scene. There we go. So, , again to zoom out, just click this little button down here and you have a percentage. You also have set percentages here. , so that way it's right next to So, it's right next to each other. You can also add transitions in between videos by clicking this little button here, the plus sign. You can go either add scene or add transition. That way, if you want to do like a cross dissolve or something, it does that really nicely. It handled that really nicely. Just like that. And you don't actually need to manually add anything here because it does that automatically for you. Now just like that I think Kat I just want to remind our students who have a who are using this training for the purpose of their assignment. There are three questions that they need to answer. And I'm thinking this transition that you just said, it can give them some kind of an a transition to move from question answer to question one and then from answer to the question two to three. So that's kind of a cool things that they can consider. Yeah. >> Yeah, for sure. And so whatever you have on this slide here, including any text or images or anything, automatically will dissolve to the next slide. So you don't need to worry about adding animations to anything else on this slide. So talking about like questions for you to be able to add text, really simple, just like images. You just add your text and a little text box will come up. Just like that. And there is plenty of different fonts you can choose from here. And these are all free because again we get premium. You can also get more fonts with Adobe Fonts. Say for example, you have a font in mind and you can't find it here. Adobe Fonts has so many more as well as font recognition where you can put in an image of a font that you really like and it recognizes the font. It gives you the name of it. >> Cool. So we just want to add some pretty color to it. >> K can I ask you a question talking about the text? It remind me two tasks. Whether for example the students are asked again to answer the question. So they can bring that use of the text to add the title of that question and then they can just because it's always kind of a limited time. So they can cover the t the text with the title and they can start answering that question and then yeah so if there is if you want to talk about like a let's say if I want to talk about a lab pro it's kind of a protocol so do you think that is going to be it needs to be recorded in a kind of in a slide that I can record or it can be added as a kind of a key point and text into the video that I'm recording. Like I can record what I want to say and then the protocol in the key points can be added in the text. Is that is that possible? >> do you mean like text to speech type thing or do you just mean you have a bullet points and you want to add them one by one? Yeah, because previously I was thinking I should prepare kind of an PowerPoint or a slides with this context so I can talk and record. But now with the t text that you are suggesting, I can just simply talk about it and have my recording imported to Adobe XD. Then I can add the dot point of something that it's actually support my talk in the Adobe XD. So I think I just want to confirm which way is better to have a recorded of the >> to have recorded >> of the PowerPoint slides you talking or you just kind of talk and add the text and keynotes in the Adobe XD. >> Yeah. So I think with if you have keynotes written down like somewhere you can make them appear separately definitely. So say you're talking about one key point which is Adobe Express you can again down here you can see Adobe Express over the whole video. So if you if it's you talking in the background and you mention Adobe Express for example here you can say that Adobe Express is invisible until whenever you decide that it fades in. So that could be your is that kind of what you're wondering about. So this is your >> So I think now you're suggesting so you can add a multiple text. So one come and disappear like a title and then those dot points the key points can be added later as a kind of an instruction or something that you want. >> Yeah. I mean key point the key points you can add as well. It's just how much text you want to add because say you want the title and then you can also add key points because you can add as much as you want. So say I want another text coming in with the key point. So key point one, key point 2. 3. >> you can add these as a different layer. So again down here. >> So I don't want the key points to come up until I'm halfway talking about the Adobe Express. So I have them coming up like here. >> Yeah. >> And Yeah. And then and then you can make them come up like that. >> Okay. >> Yeah. If that's I don't know if that's kind of like >> No. No. That's makes sense because Yeah. Because there are different layers of like me talking and then an image or a video or a text or a title that can be support what I'm >> you can add as much as you want and if it does get too much it will always only show you what you've selected. So it even if you have 20 images on one screen it'll never show you 20 images. So that's pretty good. >> That's yeah. So, you can I'll revise that real quick. , you can add as much text as you want and you can have it on the screen as long as you want or as short as you want. You just have to tell how long. You just have to drag the cursor where you want it. Now, because this is two different clips, the Adobe the Adobe express text disappears. Say I want the Adobe Express text to stay on the screen even though I'm changing the video. I just simply again Ctrl C on the Adobe Express and carry it over to the next screen and it'll automatically paste it exactly in the same spot. So it'll remember where it was. Just like that. So it'll stay where that was. , another thing that we can look at is audio. , I if anyone has any questions, by the way, you're more than welcome to ask them stuff. , so we'll look at audio real quick. So, we're just going to look in the media and audio. So, all of these are free to use within your schoolwork. So, that's including Adobe audio. So, Adobe Audio has heaps of pretty cool audio that you can use just to make your video seem or feel more I guess alive if that makes sense. It's really good to have something just really quiet in the background even just to behind your talking to kind of yeah make it more exciting. So, right now my video is pretty boring. So for us to be able to use. So this one here, I can actually because I'm done editing this, I can actually just delete the scene, but it will keep this video here because it's I've copied it and pasted it. So it still exists. So, you can definitely play around with your video and if you're happy with it, you can then delete the scene because it's still existing in the timeline. All right, let's go back to media. Let's pick something. Oh jeez, I have no idea how loud this is going to be. I'm sorry in advance. Is that loud? >> Not that bad. >> Okay. Okay. Okay, good. , we'll just add like a simple sort of background noise. And again, click and drag and it'll automatically add it underneath your clips. Because it's an audio clip, it will always go underneath your video clips as a separate sort of section. Again, same as the video. See how it has on top of each other? If we click the video, the audio here and we select another audio, it'll put it where the cursor is. So, if I want another audio, I want to make sure that I'm at the end of the cursor. Never mind. Well, let me do that because there's no scene at the end. Oh, I'm just adding a blank scene so I can see how Oh, because the because the audio is too long. Never mind. The audio is too long. So, I can't add it at the end of the scene. >> Let me Let me make the scene the audio smaller. There we go. Now, I can add it at the end. Same one. We'll add another one. There we go. Oh, let me add it. Oh, that one works. Oh, well. All right, cool. So, I've got two audios here. If I want I'm just going to play this. The audio. , they don't have too I don't think they don't have too many transitions other than , yeah, the audios unfortunately don't have too many transitions for them. So, you'll just have to kind of figure out that the volume needs to be sort of low. And then you can what you can do is you can say you want you want to start your video with a title screen say with your name or your product name and you want the audio of the film of the s audio to be of the volume of the audio to be louder. You can adjust the audio here as much as you want and then play it. And then you can split the audio the yeah the audio from here and then you can readjust it here. I'm sure. Yes. So unfortunately there's no way to kind of transition that but is that difference? Yeah. So now it's really quiet and then you can kind of turn that up. But you do however need to split it unfortunately because the transitions aren't there right now for the audio. , now if you want to I haven't tried before but with the audio like adding audio on top of audio I that I can >> I think K what you just explained about splitting the audio that was a very good advice because sometimes a students are coming to intro start the video. >> then they start talking about the concept and we want the audio the background audio to be you know so their voice should be the one that main the dominant one. So that way they can adjust the volume of the audio like a background audio once they are talking they can reduce the volume and once that the talking finish so that they can make it a bit kind of >> exciting I'm just seeing I think the record voice over I think that this feature is really good if you say you've missed something or you're currently in post editing, so you want to like add your voice to some graphics and stuff, you can add your voice over here. , I do I this is a kind of new feature, so I'm not too sure if it works with the music in the frame. It's something that you'll have to test out and play around with for now. , now with the layering, say I would suggest if you want to do audio like an interview or something, I suggest using the audio from the interview and the video and that way you can adjust the music separately because right now I'm not sure if Adobe Express gives you gives you the option to actually layer audio just because it's only kind of a simple editing software. It's >> a beginner software. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. , so yeah, that's that's that and again you have options to use elements as well. So all this stuff is there anything else you wanted covered from questions or anything like that bit? So I think yeah so we cover like the photo that we see in on the medium. So I think you did we cover that photo. So I can see photos, videos, audios here in the website. >> Yeah. So photos, sorry. Yeah, photos are just like text. You click on a photo that you like or that you want to upload from your device. You just click on that photo. There we go. You click on the photo. I'm just going to use a template from here. And it'll add it to the screen. Now, if you don't want it to be on top of your video or on top of this video, just kind of you just copy Ctrl C, go to the layer that you want it on, and then Ctrl + V. Ideally, you would import your image on the layer that you want the image to be on. So, if I didn't want it to be on this slide, I want it to be on this slide, I be I have to be on this slide. So, I don't have to do the Ctrl + V. But, you know, sometimes you don't have your player head on the right spot. That's how you get it on the right spot. He just controls the >> again sometimes in the area in that I'm working like with the science we always ask a students to come up with the references to their you know what they are offering. So I think a screenshot of the literature with the title which is related to what they are offering it could be a good evidence. So that can be in any screenshot that once you're talking about it. So you can present that image as a background >> in your recording. So that can be the evidence or any data or any graphical data that can be added. So you want to say that for example lung cancer is the first like in Australia and you have a graph representing that. So you can bring that image that can that data that can be the evidence of what you're explaining. So yeah. >> Yeah. Exactly. And say for example it's not great. Say this is my graph for example and I have a lot of white space around my graph and I don't want that. I just double click. Again, you can adjust it manually or you can click on one of the presets and you can crop it just like that. That looks good. I just click on the side here and then I All right. Okay. I'm talking. I'm talking. Okay. This is where I wanted to come up. Here I move my timeline. So, you can see the number to 9. 5 seconds. And I was like, okay, I don't just want it to appear out of nowhere. So, I'm going to add a animation. So, I'm going to have spin animation. So, oh, I'm mentioning the Oh, my background's gone by accident. I must have deleted it. There we go. And that's your cool graph coming up just like that. And it will disappear the moment the other slide starts because again this is kind of like a group. You can think of it like a group. And this here down here is kind of its parents if that makes sense. >> So whatever you apply to this layer here will apply to all of the children above it. >> That makes sense. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Cool. Yeah. So we'll look at other videos. Audio. We covered that again. I really want to have a try at the record voice over, but because my microphone's being used, I can't. , but I think >> we can try that. That's we know that this is the option. So, we invite our students to try. So, these are all the options. We might not be able to cover everything, but as long as you know how to import the video, image, audio, and text and how to adjust it and add the effect, then you're going to be able to do whatever. If it's u part of the criteria for your assignment or if it's a video narrative for your you to address a challenge with your prototype with your image with your talk. So yeah. So I think >> Yeah. And I'm not sure. Did you want to share the link to some more tutorials or >> Yeah. So do you want to show us that tutorial self tutorial and then the only things left is how to share and how to save the document. >> Yeah, I can show that now. So, , once you're happy with your little, , video here, there is a way to, , share your creation or download it. So, if you want to download it straight as an MP4, you can totally do that. You can even choose, yeah, best for video. So, probably choose MP4 here. Can choose PDF, but it's more for , image creations and stuff. , yep, there you go. For you bit of a to be able to share. You have to there's ways to do this. So you can either send it to an email. So you can send it to an email and ask them did you want to edit anything about this or did you want to comment on it? So if you have other people that are working with you and you want their input, you can actually send them the video and they can comment on it. That looks really cool. That way they don't mess any of your work up but still can put their input in. Now you can also invite people to access. That's a really good way doing it. And you can publish to the web. This is where you can link for example external websites and stuff and can upload it straight from Adobe Express to the website. So this is great for Instagram post stuff. Same with scheduling. Now you can also do Google Drive. Now this is an option that you can in like it's like a plugin that you can download for Adobe Express. That way you can access your Google Drive just like it kind of looks like this. And you add it and it lets you it'll ask you to sign in and you can see all the folders that you have in your Google Drive. And I don't want to sign in just yet, but you can see all your folders in your everything that you have on your Google Drive just like that over here. That way you don't need to download it and forget it accidentally on another computer or now my friend has the laptop or whatever. You can directly upload it to your Google Drive and it's accessible to you wherever you have your Google Drive. So that's really handy. Yeah. >> So Kat, if this is the group submission for assignment so students can share the draft with each other so everyone can collaborate on that. Once they finalized then they can download the final product and that can be in the format of the URL like a YouTube URL that can be shared with the in their you know in their assignment or entry to the competition. That is correct. >> Yep. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. So you can just once you're happy with the product and everyone said yeah we're signing off. This is pretty good. You can download it and upload it to for example the URL will probably be a either Google Drive you can share it or you can upload it to YouTube. So you have the YouTube link to it. So either way yeah either way the format will be perfect for either YouTube or Google Drive it's fine. >> Okay. >> All right. So now with this saving and sharing and collaborating on the progress of the video to make it even we might start a project now but we finish you know in one week. So you can always come back to the link and start from where you left. So or you can share it with your colleagues or your peers to invite them to for a feedback or some correction or everything can be collaboratively work together. So now I think the last point if there are any self- tutorial except this recorded session which you did it greatly to offer to our students that would be the last comment and unless we have a question from the participants. >> Yeah. >> I think I closed my tab. I'm just going to stop streaming and then I'll put the link in the chat. >> Yeah, that would be great. And I guess for those students who are not in this session and they are going to watch this recording when do they I know that a lot of things happen once you start practicing. So if they need to set an appointment with you or your team member cat, do you have any advice to share? >> Yeah. So, we're in the Adobe Hub Tuesday to Thursdays from 11 till 2. So, you can just drop by whenever you want whenever like we're always happy to talk with you and that's why we're there at drop in sessions. So, you can just come see us. Or you can go to the Adobe Hub website and actually kind of book a one-on-one meeting. That way we can do it online as well as in person if you like either or. >> Beautiful. So I guess if you can please add that self-tutorial link in the chat. That would be the end of what I can think of we can offer to our students. Caroline I see you are here. So do you have any suggestion or question or recommendation or all good? No, that was Thank you, Katherine. And it looked like a great program to use. >> That's really awesome. >> Yeah, >> thank you Carolene. >> Put that in there. >> So I guess I'm going to wrap up what we are going to do. So this recorded session is going to be edited to be shared f the final version is going to be shared with those who register or in our classes for anyone has this kind of a video as part of their assignments or they are you're interested to participate in our competition design for change. In fact we have more than one competition during the year. So, and all the entry to each competition is a 4minute video. So, here we go. And for that 4-minute video, we have up to 400 cash price. So, you don't want to just you know, this is something you invest your time and you are coming with that inspiring video. I think for us we really do care about the community knowledge. So if you are producing an inspiring video that has a message and you're unpacking a challenge, you're addressing a problem, you coming with a recommendation or solution, why we shouldn't showcase your product to the u broader audience. So that's why I always get excited once I see your inspiring video and we want to work with each other to improve the knowledge of our community and I think that's all good. Katherine, you did a great job. >> Really appreciate your time and I am going to actually start working with the Adobe Express video because I have a submission of 4 minute video to the conference that I need to create it. So here we go. We are going to start working and we come back to you if you need any question. Thank you so much everyone and that is the end of today's workshop. Thank you.