Okay. So I will start my video and hello everybody. My name is Scotty Pachankina. I am a research fellow at learning transformations unit and I'm very excited to be chairing this session for you today. This session is as you can see from the slide it's called start talking transforming the communication skills of swinborn science students to develop future readiness and it's presented by three presenters. It's Beta Zafarinlu and Janet Jensen and also Claire Dyson. So Beta is from FSET, Janet is from student engagement and Claire is my colleague from LTU and of course our moderator today is Kim Flowers who is also my LTU colleague. So can we have please the next slide because I'd like to do acknowledgement of country before we begin. Okay so on behalf of those present I acknowledge the verjary people of the colon nation who are the traditional custodians of the land on which we now meet. I pay my respects to their elders past present and emerging. I also pay my respect respects to all Aboriginal and toristrait island people and hope that the path towards reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. And so yes, welcome everybody and just a brief announcement before I disappear and give it to the time to our presenters that if you have any questions, please feel free to post them in the chat in the chat room and we will address them in the last 15 minutes of this presentation. And now we'll disappear and give the floor to the presenters. Thank you. Right. Okay. Thank you very much and hello everyone. My name is Beta and before I start introducing our initiative and talking about start talking I would like to with actually this was the with the collaboration with a career employability emerging leaders program and digital literacy. I would like to introduce you to the communication for scientist unit and our expectation for science graduate also share some facts about the future job. So the communication for scientists is a co-unit for the second year science students. So we have between 130 to 150 students in this unit. The overall aims of this unit is to enhance a students employability by developing their skills to use appropriate communication channels and technology to effectively communicate scientific information to a broader range of their audiences for a range of purposes. And using a variety of modes. We believe to create a real change, we need more than just brilliant scientific minds. We need leaders, deep thinkers, adventurers, inspires, innovators, entrepreneurs, game changers, science communicator. We need our students to be trained to contribute to social change as global citizens. Next slide, please. So there are few facts that we consider to design the authentic work integrated learning activities and assessments. In this unit we consider the desired learning task which are required in the real world context. We reflect on global challenges and we think how we can teach our science students to act as a global citizen. Also we are thinking of the changing nature of the work in future and how we can support our science students to be ready for that and to be successful. It is a fact that it's predicted that 50% of today's job will disappear by 2030. Next slide please. So talking about the skills for future success. So again if you are talking about 50% of today's jobs are going to be disappear what is going to be replaced? So the literature confirms that soft skills intensive occupations will account for twothirds of all jobs by 2030. Our expectation for science students is improve not only the technical skills and the knowledge but also the soft skills and personal attributes. So we need to work on their soft skills and we know that our science students they are very good at critical thinking and the they are strong in their fields. We need to work on in their soft skills and personal attributes. Next slide please. What are employers looking for? So the T-shaped professionals is including deep disciplinary knowledge along with a keen ability to communicate. The question is how much our activities or assessment resources will cover the t-shirt professional for our science students. We have a clear plan which address each of these criteria in this unit. Science students in this unit are expected to choose a science challenge which is their passion. Then they are going to communicate their solution with the range of audiences such as their role as a science journalist. Pitch it to the pitch their idea to the industry practice their public speakings and upskilling their skills through the Adobe resources and expert trainer training. Next slide please. Soft skills become increasingly important. Again, literature confirms that soft skills intensive jobs will grow 2. 5 times faster than other jobs. And I'm sure everyone experienced this during this time with the pandemic. You see how diverse soft skills are required for an individual to their hard time. Next slide, please. The science threshold learner outcome. So now we covered the fact of the communication skills is the most demanded soft skills that employers are looking for. We would like to confirm the science threshold learning outcomes for our graduate science students in the according to the Australian council of deans of schools science ACSC so which is listed in this slide. We are expecting our graduate science graduate understanding science that is require multidisciplinary conversation scientific knowledge in their field inquiry and problem solving communication skills personal and professional responsibility. Next slide please. So what we are looking for our science students are also aligned with the students 2025 strategic framework. So we are looking for those students that they feel confident to create social and economic impact. So we want to train our students to be future ready learners. Next slide please. So our initiatives in this unit are also aligned within graduate attributes including professional skills, selfdirected learners and future ready learners which we are going to explain. Next slide please. So now considering all of these facts and the literature so's vision expectation for science graduate we want to know what is the problem. So our observation of the challenges science students experience during their learning communication skills in the unit. It's also align with their literature and their research outcomes. Science students typically do not recognize the value of communication studies until they approach graduation. Next slide please. So to come up with this we want to introduce our initiative activities and u assessment which is the partnership of emerging leaders program professional placement media and communication digital literacy program LTU you next slide please. So the communication for scientist unit at a glance. So you can see in this table how we progress and set the embedded activities and sorry assessment with the collaboration with again the industry media communication professional placement emerging leaders digital literacy LTU Adobe spe Adobe specialists. So and then we provide authentic activities aligned to these assessments. So now I would like to ask Janet to talk about the embedded activity that we have done in this unit. >> Thanks Peter. So I'll talk briefly about the emerging leader program to give some context about how and why we've embedded our program in the unit communication for scientists. So, emerging leader is Swinburn's program that encourages students to build employability by documenting the different activities they're involved in alongside and as part of their studies. So, students complete four certificates with options across campus participation, community engagement, industry experience, global citizenship and so on. A key aspect of emerging leader is aligning their experiences to employability skills and students must demonstrate six skills to receive recognition as Swimburn emerging leaders. The program has four key elements. Students document their activities to receive micro credentials that is digital certificates that they can use as evidence of their experiences and skills. So emerging leader is a way of packaging up those experiences and skills in a format that future employers can understand. We hope that as they document or receive recognition for activities undertaken within curriculum that they'll explore further so the program promotes development. We encourage reflective practice so they construct meaning from what they encounter and make connections between experiences and skills acquired. And our processes. The use of the star format provides practice in articulating skills. So, emerging leader will be a point of difference for our Swimburn graduates and a previous study confirmed this was the case. Emerging leaders were found in our 2017 study to be more likely to be employed after graduation with 92. 2% of emerging leader participants in employment compared to 81. 2% 2% of the control. Interestingly, the study included those who had completed at least one emerging leader certificate. They were not necessarily emerging leaders, but they were still more likely to be in employment six months after graduation. To give you some context, the program has seen over 4,800 registrations to date and over 4 and a half thousand certificates completed by approximately 2 and a half thousand students. 455 students have achieved emerging leader status. So our certificates and our emerging leader status are tracking well in 2020. But we have approximately 200 fewer registrations in 2020 compared to same time last year. As you can see from our registration numbers though and the graph on certificates being completed our numbers are quite strong there but our overall program completion rates are where we want to make a difference. This slide shows you shows you some data from our program. Students respond to 20 skill statements on program registration and program completion. Their program completion can be at any time during their degree, although most complete at the end. They rate 20 skill statements as high, medium, or low. Four of the statements that are particularly relevant to communication for scientists have been included on this slide. For each of the statements, the students are responding positively with a further increase in the high rating at the program completion. The first two concern communication. Students can share and present which is particularly relevant to communication for scientists and reporting to stakeholders and they believe they connect and work well with others. The final two statements refer to our topic and concern for digital literacy. As you can see, there's a limited increase in how they respond to saying they have what it takes to keep up to date in the digital world. Perhaps that reflects a greater awareness of what it does take to keep up to date in the digital world. It will be interesting to see if keeping up to date in a digital world changes or their perception of that changes now that our communication is largely digital. This slide looks at those students who have completed the communication certificate. So of nearly 2 and a half thousand students who've completed certificates 59. 58% have reflected on their communication skill. But when we look at the FSET cohort of 837 FSET students, only 26. 52% have demonstrated the communication skill. So perhaps reinforcing the need for BEA's mission here to promote the importance of STEM communication. So how and why do we embed emerging leader? Well, when we embed emerging leader, we embed one certificate only with the aim that students will extend themselves to complete another three certificates. We embed where the students are completing the same activities or equivalent to those that an opt-in student might complete. We ask that activities are linked to the unit learning outcomes and that reflections are included within the assessment. It is important that if we are to give recognition in emerging leader for activities and skills demonstrated then the students have actually met all requirements. So we embed to increase capacity of the program but also to streamline our processes. There's not a lot of point in asking students to submit reflections to us if they've already submitted them for assessment within an academic unit. U the picture on the left is one that I've used in my webinars with students to kind of encapsulate what the program is about. Not to suggest that they need to go and jump off a cliff or anything like that, but that when they're recording what they're doing, we hope it encourages them to take on extra challenges or put themselves that bit further out of their comfort zone. So by embedding emerging leader perhaps them attaining one certificate we would hope that they would go on to complete the other three. So students are required to register with emerging leader to receive recognition but as you can see it's still an ongoing challenge. These are the stats from our communication for scientists unit embedded in 2019. We still only have 24. 34% of them registering with emerging leader but they can register at any time. So hopefully they will go on too. Of our roughly 12 units where we have embedded emerging leader in academic units we go from a high of 68% of students registering to a low of 6%. So this 24. 34 is kind of sitting around the average. So what we've done with communication for scientists, we have embedded the career development certificate with the communication skill. The students undertake five career related activities including the lecture in week eight where we cover such topics as how they align their experiences to skills, completing employability skills audits, understanding what graduate employers are looking for, knowing how to answer those behavioral interview questions, particularly using the format, and of course having plenty of practice. Back over to Ba. >> Thank you very much, Janet. I guess before I start talking about start talking, I want everyone to remember of the image that Janet show with the cliff. So, start talking is something that we ask a students and of course it's their choice, but we want them to be ready for the future. They're just standing in that cleave and they're thinking whether they should go with it or not. Whether we should go with a public speaking competition or not. But guess what? I think from our experience we find that our and we are passion I mean when we are passionate about something I think we can find some connection with the students and that is the very unique rich source that they can bring this culture to the campus. So next slide please. So what is start talking? Start talking is the STEM public speaking. From my knowledge in 2019 when I received a small grant from the dean of learning innovation in FSET and I should be honest so I'm in advisory team of another STEM public speaking which is between universities. So it's for undergraduate students between universities. So that was my external motivator to bring me to the start talking. And then this is the students program which is students that practice the skills the one that we train them in the communication skill communication for scientists and that is going to be with the partnership of teaching team in the communication feta student engagement team career employability emerging leaders program digital literacy program LCU CLA and their team and FSET clubs our students are fantastic. Fantastic. Next slide please. So what is our vision? As I mentioned this is the STEM public speaking competition. In 2019 it was for FSE students but now it's open to all sin burn students with a passion in the STEM. So what is our vision is potential to create real world impact and supporting the community by applying effective communication we with the digital literacy. So the workshops are embedded and there are two workshops aligned with the competition and these are all to prepare and you know invite and motivate our students to be ready for the competition. So there are workshops in 2019 we had professional networking with confidence which is run by career employability. We had a master class in 2019. In 2020 with Claire and the team we provide this storytelling with Adobe rush workshop. So what we are planning he is to ask our students with the passion in STEM to showcase their practice to the Swimburn community. Create a video 4minut video on their STEM idea and share that with the broader audiences. So in fact in 2020 all of these is online and actually that is the better I think it's a better setting because we can do you know we can invite any students without thinking that is the capacity of the room. So the next slide please Janet. Oh okay. So this is the promotion video for start talking. The one that students act that is the main concern. A student made this for us. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students. Start Talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is a place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words. Do you have to submit? And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. So, so I guess you see how fantastic our students to spend extra time. This is not for assessment. This is for them to practice their skills investing their own time and then this is the showcasing what we have done in 2019. So 11 competitors comes with the unique stakeholder in workshop one and we have a workshop two and we had a winner. So I guess the next slide is for you Janet or I'm Oh okay before we go with Janet. So this is the story of success for students. Students who are passionate about science communication are going to be acknowledged not with a prize but also their story is going to be published. They are going to tell us how they evaluate their skills, how they use of u they improve their digital skills, their presentation skills and then how that can influence other students. So next slide please. >> Yes. And this is again for Janet to talk about the workshop one. So thanks Peter. So our collaboration with start talking began at its inception in 2019. Careers and employability developed and conducted a networking workshop to support the stakeholder panel and the networking session that preempted the staff talking competition. As the students were going to have the opportunity to network with a panel of stakeholders, we wanted them to actually network to make the most of the opportunity to speak with the incredible panel that Beta and Dr. Alan Duffy had coordinated and facilitated. In 2020, the panel moved online and so did the networking session. Both the 2019 and 2020 workshops were facilitated by my colleague Rob Bag. We registered the participants on swin employees so we could record attendance and track participation and we also recorded both sessions this year so both the networking webinar and the panel of resources readily available to students on swin employee. So why networking? Well networking is an important career management skill but also an important communication skill. We need to be able to tell our career story, particularly in unstable and unpredictable labor markets, and networking is one way to get our story out there. Having a clear sense of professional identity and professional purpose is key to successful networking. Often a lack of professional identity or lack of clarity around professional purpose will be behind a reluctance to network. So, what did Rob cover in the networking sessions? Well, although the 2020 session was online, it was still very practical. Rob framed networking as a two-way communication skill. Topics included identifying existing networks, ways and places to build networks, strategies such as informational interviewing, and the importance of reaching out and continuing to network even in times of lockdown. Students were encouraged to consider their key strengths, skills, experiences, and achievements and goals and how they might talk about these with a prospective employer. Students had time to practice, hear from two amazing students giving their pitch. And then they were put into breakout rooms to practice and deliver their own pitches. Ensuring students can see, hear, and support their peers in delivering a pitch and communicating directly with employers is a valuable learning experience. Although they were not able to network in person in the panel in with the panel in 2020, they were able to communicate via the chat and careers and employability have also offered many other employer sessions in meeting rather than webinar mode to specifically give students the opportunity to speak directly with stakeholders and employers. I'll hand over to CLA. Hi everyone. We can go to the next slide if you like. I was going to talk about workshop 2 primarily. But what I wanted to sort of go back a step and really talk about you know some of the underlying issues came to me and our team with and sort of sort of walk you through the problem solving that we did together and how it sort of ended up and start talking. So we might go into the next slide. The question that beta and I were really looking at is how might we support students learn new skills by making so we're really looking at communication skills here. So ultimately as beta has already said science students are fantastic at problem solving. You know, they have all these amazingly big ideas, but she had quite early on identified that it was communicating those big ideas, which to be honest, a lot of us have. It was the communication of those big ideas that needed work. , so we started doing some draft work in semester 1. , it was within a unit that's Beta was running called grand challenges and science. And she came to me with the unenviable problem that most of us had when we were teaching of having an assessment item that just wasn't going to work well in co. So it was an oral presentation and her students had varying access to the internet and she felt that it was unequitable to actually make them present in a synchronous environment. So, we worked together and what we tried to do is reimagine the assessment item in a way that would teach the students new communication skills and arm them to be able to learn while they're making and playing, but arm them for their future selves to be able to communicate effectively in the future, which is kind of what this whole talk is about. What we decided to do was to create a digitally layered artifact. One that could house text, images, graphs, and video. And while this assessment wouldn't capture obviously it wouldn't capture that live moment when you're speaking in front of other students, what it could do is teach them different literacies around communicating with different media. Obviously then we had to change rubric. There's a whole bunch of other details that we had to do. But what was exciting about this particular assessment item is that we were encouraging the students to make and play in a new communication mode. So they hadn't ever played with this particular program before and it's very play centered. So there were 32 students in the class. You can see the stats here. Beta allowed them to either present in this new communication form which was a spark page that had to have a Spark video embedded in it. So they did have to do face toface oh well they had to talk on video or they could do a traditional PowerPoint presentation and you can see that 78% of them chose the new communication method. What that did is it embedded new digital literacies and new communication skills within that new assessment item. We might go to the next slide. The next question we started talking about together when we're moving into the start talking discussion is how might experimenting in play engender a creative mindset. So again beta has talked about all the strengths that scientists have and all the core skills that are taught in science but there's also this idea that how you might transfer them into other modes. So we thought what we might look at is how we might support storytelling, play and risk which is really big in science. And what we wanted to do was shift from one known format which was science where amazing disciplinary knowledge and shift it into another unknown format which was video. What we wanted to do was create new opportunities to learn new languages and develop new. So we chose a short form video which allowed the students to develop a new voice and that voice will be vital for their future career. Might go to the next slide. The next question that we were really pondering and I mean I think beta is really well is how curricular might support risk and failure. >> Sorry, can you guys hear me? Okay. Sorry, I'm getting a lot of feedback so I hope it's okay. , what you're looking at, >> sorry, >> sorry. I was going to say we can hear you, but there's a bit of a noise in the background. >> I'm so sorry. I might turn down. That might make things a bit easier. There we go. My apologies. , what we're really looking at here is around play, risk, and failure and how , these things were much more possible when the stakes were lower. , so within start talking, it's a co-curricular project. So we know that students are more willing to jump into new areas of playing and risk-taking and making while they're learning new skills and creating new opportunities. We know they're more likely to do that when the stakes are lower when it's not for assessment. So creating this opportunity within this co-curricular environment was really important. I might jump to the last slide. I mean, obviously the next question is how risk and failure might be embedded into curriculum. And you can see that Beta has a really long-term view for how this might work. I'm I'm sure she's going to take over the world with science communication, which is fantastic. But the question is how do we scaffold these ideas of risk and play and making into curriculum when there's so many other things to do? And I think that what's the reason I wanted to highlight beta's use of work in curriculum in first semester is that she's taking all these exciting opportunities from the co-curricular space and actually embedding small versions of it in her units which is great. So play, risk, failure, these are central to engendering new thinking in our students and we know that includes problem solving, complex problem solving, creative mindset, critical thinking, adaptability and innovation. So I wanted to also mention that Beta has reached out to collaborate with careers and employability and Janet and Rob and me and digital literacies and these are things that are available to all academics. And what she's done though is I think really cleverly built a really fantastically supportive team around these quite innovative ideas. So that's all from me. I'm happy to answer work questions in a minute. But we did run, sorry I didn't mention we did run workshop 2 last week which was fantastic which was really around storytelling and we had 89 people attend that which was great and hopefully we have 89 videos coming out of it. Thank you very much Claire and Janet. I guess nothing is possible unless with a passion. So we can see what we are sharing today about the story of how we are passion to support our students. So we come together along with the students to be able to do this for students. So I guess this slide is the last slide where I want to say about the student learning engagement high satisfaction in workshop one workshop two consistently in 2019 2020 and also considering students are now ready to act on their skills to be honest Again our external motivation is the competition similar to start talking which is between the universities. So we want our students to practice their skills and improve to be able to represent swim learn in the let's talk competition and I believe we achieved that because I can say this is the emerging our aim was to emerging young passionate science communicators at Swimburn. So this program we have a one strong partner and that is the students. We support future ready learners. We support students attributes. We showcase our collaboration with all of our collaborators. We publish students story to influence other students and certificates like participation for volunteers for the competitors align with emerging leaders program. So we want to make sure if a students learn from this later on they will join they will join to all the workshops that Adobe team they're presenting they join to career employability emerging leaders into science professional placements. So this is the place that we want to make sure that we introduce the students to all these existed strong richful resources and professional academic people to again be successful. So I would like at the end to introduce our Venus Megan Grace Smith is the winner of 2018 and Nendu is our students volunteer leader who is helping me consistency from 2018. Samantha McKay is the finalist of the let's talk 2012. She was the finalist of the start talking 2019 and Rory is the winner of 2000 start talking 2019. As Claire mentioned we are expecting to see the creative inspiring video in 2020. So that is live event in week 10 15th of October. All the academic professional students are invited. Swimburned community. Let's join us and support our students who are going to share their STEM idea with the social impact. Thank you very much everyone. >> All right. I don't know if you can see me now. We have time for questions. It was it's wonderful because everything just ran out of time and all presenters just spoke in their allocated time. So I didn't have to do anything because the chair which is great. We actually have our first question I can see through chat. So Tash from LTU is saying I love your passion for this project. What was the most rewarding aspect of this project for you? I guess the question is to all of the presenters. >> I can go for it. And then I think the most rewarding is those students who not only come to learn more behind the unit behind the assessment behind the marking they just go to the workshop one workshop two but also they spend time to generate this you know to come to the competition I guess what are we what we are doing and I mentioned this to Janet and Claire if you don't have a students in the competition our mission is not successful but we came with 11 competitors in 2000 finalist in 2019 which was difficult to choose one of them as a winner and we hope that happen in 2020 for me that is the most rewarding because students like what we are doing for them >> I would just say it's definitely assisting with emerging leader and getting that out there and the students that BEA's had working with her and participating in this program, they're definitely ones we want to recognize in a program like Emerging Leader. , so I guess what's rewarding for me is actually seeing these students collaborate with us and really do so well. The students that gave their pictures to demonstrate to the other students were just amazing. And then we also have students like Samantha that Beta mentioned just before who's also assisting me with the early leader program which is Swimburn's program for secondary school students. She's been involved with that to make connections there too. So these students are really engaging across Swimburn and yeah that's wonderful to see. >> Yeah, it was fascinating. I was just going to say for me what's really interesting is that I haven't been working with beta as long as Janet has. But for me it's working with an academic who looks at the really complex problem and actually is really open to finding new answers. So beta is kind of modeling for me the behaviors that she wants her students to engender which I think is really exciting and I think that's a really lovely way of teaching. You have to sort of model best practice yourself. But Beta has come to me with complex problems and said, "Let's work together and find a new way of creating opportunities for students. " And I just think that's so for me that's been really exciting is to build a friendship with an academic I had never met before, but also to sort of feel fulfilled that perhaps we're doing something that will change students you know, students future. I think it's really exciting. >> Wonderful. We have another question from Sarah Bosworth and Sarah's asking what are learnings and recommendations in cross functional collaborations like this? I guess the question is to all of you again who wants to go first. >> So what is the learning between the collaborators? Well, I think the question is what are your main learnings and recommendations from this program because what you've described is such a crossf functional cross collaborative endeavor. What have you learned and what can we take away from it? >> I guess I just want to sorry Janet do you want first? I just I just consider again as an academic who you know I'm I'm also from science so I know that our strength it's thinking of the problem and coming with the solution but to act on the solution I strugg and I need some more professional advice and I need to look at the future so we have a good map of what we are you know looking but I guess there are my learning was and it was very nice to meet these people the academic like Claire professional like Janet and drop and professional placement people I have I actually make my connection I learned the communication myself because I am also used to just working in the corner of the lab and focus on my experiments. I'm a microbial biotechnologist. So I start from myself. What I'm asking from a students I started from myself. Now I have this networking which can learn I mean it can let me to you know achieve the goal. So I guess our role modeling like we would like to share this with the students and our partnership it's very valuable. This is the rich resources including students, professional and academic. We are all in Simben campus. We just need to come together and do you know come up with a strong program for students. >> I was going to say something similar. I think too often in universities we're working in silos and we don't necessarily know what's going on or in careers we don't know what's happening in each of the units or the courses necessarily. So it's really wonderful when the academics reach out to us and we can collaborate in a way that really benefits the students. So I think the important learning is you know you've just got to reach out to departments like ours and you know let us know I guess what your problem is with you know problem for one of a better word with the students and look to see what possibilities there are for collaboration. >> I would also say be brave. , I don't know if everyone went to Pascal's talk the other day, but you know, underneath on the bottom of her slide, it said, "Be ba be brave, be bold. " , and I was just going to highlight the fact that this came from a small grant. So, it you know, BEA wasn't given $100,000 to run a massive festival. It wasn't like that. It started from a really big idea. Well, it was a small, you know, a small project, but it's a lovely big idea, but lot but small resources. And so Janet's right, you know, reaching out and actually building on a very small grant with the resources that already happen like or already exist at Swinburn I think is great. I mean there are you know three and a half thousand academics. We can't resource everyone. But what we can do is actually provide ideas and actually encourage people to just say let's just do it. Let's just give it a good go. Doesn't work, that's okay. But if it does work, then we can do it again the same the you know the next year and build on it. So yeah, be brave. That's what I think. >> Wonderful. Well, we actually have time for a few more questions and while we wait for these questions to come through, I thought I'd ask you a question as well. I found your presentation very interesting and I think this is such an important topic to help students to develop the skills and to become effective communicators because often we're we could be experts in something but not necessarily communicate well. So what's next for you? What would be the ideal next step if you had all the support in the world? What where would you like to take this project next? I think if I want to start again so from our on from our understanding there was there is no STEM public speaking across the whole campus. So we started this as with the pilot students in a communication unit. That's why I introduced this unit. But now we are thinking of the Swimburn students as a whole community that they can come and help each other. So we are thinking we have a students in business for example in the other faculty and then we have students in engineering in a science or you know in psychology. So we are thinking of the multidisciplinary conversation because again we are thinking about the global challenges. We are thinking how our students can act as a passionate science communicator to bring their solution and the solution at sometimes has an overlapping. We need to inspire the community. The community doesn't want to hear our jargon. So we need some technology. We need some you know inspiring you know a video which can present our and animate our science complex science idea. So I guess align with what we want to think of the future have a better community safer community look at COVID 19 you know there are too many information which one is correct which one is not which one of these information we can trust so we want to teach our science stu swimburn students that if they're passionate about any STEM idea and they need to know all the information and they come together and they can share it with the community. I think the better future for our community clo you know come up with some solution to the global challenges and if I always ask my students if what you're doing you can share with your grandmother then you're successful because we need people on board. Wonderful. Anything else to add? Because we do have another question. >> Oh, I would just add that we would similarly in careers like to broaden the reach and although CLA mentioned, you know, resourcing activities such as this can be quite intensive, all our collaborations don't need to be as heavily resourced as this one. We can we have a lot of resources in careers and employability already we're already running a lot of webinars workshops etc employer sessions that can link in with things across faculty so I guess where to from here we hope that you know we can make more connections across the university >> wonderful we do have another question and it's a question and also a compliment Thank you for the wonderful sharing you sharing triggered me to think about how these initiatives can be applied to my unit in specific and the accounting discipline in general. So you have already inspired one participant to do something in this field and I guess we do have time for another question which I suppose I want to ask because I have I have this opportunity and I guess my question was how would you see like what would be the challenges of taking this initiative broadly to other disciplines? Because right now all the experience you have comes from science but do you see it would be an easy transference to other disciplines or some challenges that you anticipate? I guess my role I have another role in FSET faculty as an academic deputy director student engagement. I work intensively with the FSET clubs. Again we are talking about the students. The students they have their own connection and doesn't matter if they are in FSET or they are in FBL or Fhat they have their connection and I believe if we what we are doing in our faculty it can be we are thinking of that environment in our campus that a student lead this I like the idea of do you know having we work as an advisory board and students actually acting on this competition. Again, that is for them to be ready for the future job. As Janet mentioned and as Claire knows, we have our mentors. Our mentors are actually students, the winner of the previous you know competition. So they attended in our workshop. Some of them coming with some great idea creating the video animation website. So I guess now we have this rich sources of students that they have a strong connection with their other students in the other faculty and then how about if we just let them to lead this and then we can just do you know we can work together we can we can work to them with them and we can support them. So I guess the point is the connection that Janet mentioned not between the academics not between academics professional also between academic professional students and now students with all of us >> wonderful I wouldn't foresee any issues careers and employability is already working across all faculties and paves so our resources are appropriate and applicable all across. So >> yeah, us too Janet. I mean I think what was interesting about workshop 2 last week is it's around storytelling. And it was storytelling with video and while obviously the focus was driven from you know started from beta and it was embedded in this particular program. All of the work that we do is every workshop that we run is open. So we don't actually ever close anything down. So yes, if there was somebody from accounting who wanted to tell a story with video, they would have been absolutely welcome last week. And I think that's actually really exciting because if you drop into workshops that maybe were not originally designed for you, you get to pick up all these really lovely exciting skills. That's why we were sort of wanting to work around something that's a that's making. Because making is fun and when you're doing that you pick up skills that you don't even know that you're picking up. And certainly the literacies around storytelling with any other form you know video particularly has you know a long history that you can't learn in an hour and a half but you can start and that step forward outside your form I think is really exciting. So yeah it's really applicable and it's pretty easy to transfer too I think. Yeah. All right. I think we're nearly there. I just want to take this opportunity again to u thank our wonderful presenters. This was a wonderful very interesting presentation. And if you do have if you do have a question that's to the audience. If you still have a question or you come up with a question later, please feel free to post it in our hub for the conference which you would have been invited to once you sign up for the conference. So we do monitor that and we can answer questions after the session and please stay engaged in the conference and enjoy and have a wonderful rest of the week and the video of this presentation is also available if anyone is interested later. So thank you very much and have a great day. Katia I just want to say thank you to the LCU and the team for aranging and ke being moderating in this session and providing again this opportunity to connect us with our academic here. So please contact us if you think that there are something that we can share we can do you know we are very I think we are all passionate about the connection with all the colleague and also I would like to invite you to invite your students with the STEM passion to come and present their com in the competition. So we have Adobe coaches as a mentor that they can help your students in the you know business accounting everyone might have a passion about the STEM. So we have Adobe coaches on board and yes I guess please invite your students and you are also invited to the live events in the start talking. Thank you very much everyone. Wonderful. And thank you to Kim Flowers for moderating this session and being the behind the scene tech genius. Thank you, Kim. >> Okay, bye everyone.