For just a moment. So, welcome everyone. It's so great to be here. So great to have you all here at today's illustrator workshop. My name is Julia. I will be moderating today's workshop. Beta in just a moment will be introducing the competition and Elliot will be the presenter for today. So I'd just like to begin with an acknowledgement of country. We respectfully acknowledge the Warandre people of the Koulin nation who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east. We would like to pay our respects to their elders past, present and emerging. We would also like to acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of lands all across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. , I'd just like to talk a minute about the Swimburn Creative Campus. , you might have heard that last year Swimburn became Australia's first and only Adobe creative campus, which means that all staff and students get access to the entire creative suite all for free. , you just have to log in with your Swimburn email address. , you also have access to the digital coaches. I'm one of them. , and you can drop in to see us at any time in the library. So, for today's workshop, we're going to be running through the basics of Illustrator. , and we're also going to look at setting that all up for laser cutting, which is very exciting. So, we'll be running through that today. , before we start, if everybody could please sign in to the Adobe Creative Cloud using your Swimburn email address and password. , make sure you've got Illustrator downloaded and up and running. , and if everyone could please ensure that their microphones and cameras are turned off. Can get pretty noisy and if everyone's got their cameras on that takes a lot of bandwidth. So if everyone could please ensure those are both off that would be lovely. This session is being recorded so we'll be sending out the recording once we are finished today. If you have any questions please do drop those in the chat. I'll be answering questions about any questions there are with using Illustrator and Peter will be answering any questions about the competition. And please follow along today. Learning by making is more fun than sitting and being talked to for two hours. So please follow along. We really hope you enjoy today. I will hand over to beta now. >> Thank you very much Julia and thank you appreciate everyone's time to be here. So we are very excited to introduce another initiative idea about how we can help to shape the STEM futures. So we are very excited. So I go and I introduce design for change 2021. Remember this might be part of your assessment. You are here because this is part of the assessment in the unit. But we want we are going to tell you with just one step further. Maybe you want to enter to the competition. You're welcome to just you know be here participate in the three free workshops that we are going to offer which I explain it shortly. And of course I also want following what Julia suggested. I appreciate if everyone use of the you the student ID to nominate yourself here as an participants. We are going to communicate with you. We are going to send you this recording and all the information that might be useful relevant to the Adobe Illustrator today. And more important this is one of the three free workshop that is aligned with the art competition. All right. So design for change is what we are going to offer here. So if you would like to be involved in shaping the STEM future by just designing your prototype, this is the place to be. And I encourage you to invite your friends and surn students located here in Australia, located in Malaysia. Sarak students, you're all welcome. And so the aim is to develop swimburn students communication and technical skills utilizing a multidisiplinary collaboration. So students as Julia mentioned can play risk and act as an entrepreneur. So if you're in a science and this is the multidisiplinary area. So if you are in a science or it or design or any discipline you know in any units any department. So this is a good area. So you come together and we can discuss about this design. The aim of the second aim of this competition is foster the building of digital literacy that will empower you that you can use this skills these professional skills for your future career. So this is very important and that is how you this is important because you're going to either inspire the community or contribute to industry. Again these two are critical for every one of us. So what is the product what we are going to expect you for this competition. So a group of students sim students with any discipline it means that if you're in science, IT, design, I don't know psychology, business, law any area but you are passionate about STEM. This is again the competition that do you would like to attend and participate. So a group of three to five students they are going to design and also they are going to pitch a startup concept to introduce their design and this design is a STEM prototype which is aligned with two direction and two vision. Either you are going to choose to inspire the school age students in a STEM so you using the Adobe Illustrator laser cutting that is the workshop today. So to be aligned with the invari foundation vision so we want to inspire the girls and women's in STEM. So that is the aim you might want to choose to do this. And the second vision is your STEM prototype design is going to be aligned with the industry partners. So you are going to support their vision. The insurance Australia group which is called A from now on. So you're going to use the second workshop. Adobe XD is going to help you and support you improve your skills to use of Adobe XD and come up with your STEM prototype design which is the digital design which support these industry partner. Next slide please. Yes. Who is in this initiative? So again at three of us crossunit teams so including myself and then did I introduce myself? Of course my name is beta and I that is the right time. So and I'm a convenor of science communication in the department of chemistry and biotechnology in the school of science. So Kaslan I don't know if he's here or not he is a department chair of the computer science and soften engineering and of course Elliot our representative here is a champion of Adobe Illustrator from the simburn design factory so that is where all of us we are going to learn about this Adobe Illustrator and of course our great project collaborators so insurance Australia group, I AG our industry partner and Janet who is going to help us a great supporter all the time emerging leaders program and she's the coordinator of this program and of course Dr. Irene from Sorowak. So she is a school of she's in a school of chemical engineering science from Malaysia. So now we have an idea about this design for change. I just want to emphasize what are the vision for this industry. So Australia insurance Australia group I AG vision is to make our world a safer and a better place to live. Maybe this is the very big picture for you. Maybe when you want to design your prototype STEM prototype you don't know from where we should start. That's why we would like to suggest you more details and more things that you might want to consider which is coming in the next slide. Aligned with the IG vision to make the world a better place to live. We are offering and suggesting these four teams. So there are plenty idea along with these four teams. Whether you want to think of the diversity, inclusion, belonging or whether you want your you know digital or your STEM prototype is going to be aligned with the worldleading customer experience or you want to consider your STEM prototype design to be aligned with the climate change or you want to improving everyday life of people. So think about all of these themes. These are all align with the I A vision which is our industry partner. The second vision it's about how this inbeor vision this foundation and this group and this organization are supporting any great initiative idea or any design which can be a educational design who inspire which inspire the girls and women's in a STEM. So think about the regional area and think about how we can inspire girls and women's in STEM coming to the science engineering it. So maybe your prototype it can help us to do that. Again part of the workshop that we are going to offer this is the first one. The second one I already mentioned Adobe XD which is going to be April I think 15th of April and the third workshop is going to be Adobe rush where you are going to learn about how you create the video because whatever you are going to do with your design you need to come up with four minutes video startup video so you can see the judging video creation. So your design is important. Of course your startup component which is aligned with one of these real world challenges is also important. So there is a problem you find a solution and your prototype is going to support. So please consider the judging video creation. The Adobe workshop three is sorry the workshop three is about the Adobe rush which you are going to learn how you create the video and also there is one hour startup pitch presentation which we train you are going to be learn how we can create the startup pitch presentation. So again please consider this is the first workshop. You have three free workshop. The registration is going to be the 300 words atline your stem prototype emailing to myself and then that is going to be due date by 16th of May 2021. The all the you know the 4minut videos are going to be collected and we are going to have a live showcase on 27th of May where we are going to introduce the judges are going to decide on the winner and h as a winner you are going to receive 1,000 bucks and you're going to get a professional experience supported by IG and you're going to be recogn the recognition one credit with the Swimburn emerging leaders program depend on the prototype that you design. The story of your success is going to be published in a swimb newsletter. So please be stay with us and I guess you already know Julia already informed you about the Adobe team, one of our great collaborator and we have employability as this another great collaborator. This is the workshop one. We are going to contribute to the sustainable future and thinking about the circular economy and think about the shape of STEM in the future. So and please make sure you are in contact with us and we are going to make sure you are in contact with employability. I think that's the last slide about the career and employability team and emerging leaders. So I guess that is all I wanted to say. If you never access to the career hub that is the place that you can improve your employability skills. Now I would like to hand to Elliot. Sorry that it takes a big time but I just wanted to cover everything. Thank you very much everyone. >> Thank you Peter. I'll start just a little talking a little bit. I had a technical meltdown before and I'm not currently on my own laptop. I'm on a borrowed laptop because my laptop died and I didn't have my charger. So, apologies for any tech problems. So, for the design of a prototype, I went with laser cutting using Illustrator and my design is a trebuche, which was laser cut. I won't be able to show it just because I can't really get it on screen and use operator. But so this is what I've designed. They this is designed to educate like primary school age children on mechanics and things like that. They can experiment a bit with weight and different sizes and positions of where you put the pins and stuff like that and it will alter how far the trebuche throws. So that was the design I went with. I'll start sharing my screen and I'll show you how I got to where I've where I've gotten to. So, , the Adobe suite of products, it used to be called the Adobe suite, it's now the Creative Cloud. , are an amazing group of products. I think Illustrator might be my favorite one. , Illustrator, in design, and Photoshop seem to be my favorites. , but there's a lot of good new ones coming out. Spark is great to get really quick , web pages and things like that. , Adobe Rush is a more easy sort of video editing software and it's it's great to use. So, , yeah, I think any of these products that you will learn, , will be a really good addition to your skill set, , and help you with your employability in the future. , being said, , so hopefully all of you have, , had the chance to download Illustrator through the creative cloud. , and I'll start by opening a new file. So, , you'll go new. Might be a little bit different if you're on a Mac or PC. , for this instance, I'm going to work in millimeters because I'm using measurements. , depending on what you're using, , you can use a bunch of different things. I seem to work in millimeters. I know Julia might work in other things depending on the situation. So if you look in there are a bunch of presets. So here we have print and the standard ones A4 letter print large. You can view all presets. I'm going to select a A3 sheet. It's automatically changed it to points. So I'll go back to millimeters and I want to work in landscape. So that will create a new page. And if I hold control and minus I will be able to zoom in and out. So the basics of Illustrator will probably be where you start will be using the shape tools. So we have rectangle, ellipse, polygon, star tool and the line segment. Illustrator uses vector so vector artwork. So vectors are based on sort of a dimensioned drawing or shape on the screen. So when you draw a square for instance or a rectangle, you can scale that up to sort of any size and it will retain all its information. Whereas if you did that with a pixelbased image, it would distort the image slightly because it only has a certain amount of p pixels. Whereas a vector will be able to scale and not lose any of that detail. So, that's one area where Illustrator is really useful. You could blow things up sort of to billboard size and they still wouldn't would retain all their information. So that's sort of how you can use the rectangle tool basically. The sorry the zoom screen thing is in my way a bit here. I'll move it down the bottom. So a really handy place to remember to look in Illustrator is the window tab up the top. , some really handy tools that I seem to use a lot are align, , stroke, , transform, and pathfinder. , but as you go further along with Illustrator, you'll seem to use a bunch of different ones. For today's purpose, th those ones will probably be our main ones. And you'll see they sort of group together. One other thing I will mention is that for laser cutting we will want to use RGB color. That's just specifically for the laser cutter process we use. So there will be different ways of doing that but for today's purpose that's what we're going to do. There's also another handy one which is just here already is the transform one. So transform will show the position which is here the X and Y coordinates of where your shape is on your screen and it will show the size. So I want to make a 90 mil square. I can do that. And if you also want to scale things together, you can click the chain and that will change both dimensions. So as you can guess the sort of tools will work as you sort of they're pretty intuitive. If you want to create a circle or a square you can hold the shift key and it will keep those dimensions locked in. Probably one of the strongest parts of Illustrator also is the pen tool. So I'll quickly show just how you can use the pen tool. And was there any questions or anything so far on I can't see the chat but all good. Okay. So, the pen tool is really great for doing curves and things like that. So, if you click and then hold your mouse button down, you can create curves and you're sort of limited with this to your imagination. This tool is really handy for tracing things if like live trace doesn't work. And then I will show you as well. So there's the two different selection tools. So you have the black arrow or the darkened arrow that is sort of used just to move things around and select things. But the direct selection tool, which is the A key, the select normal selection tool is V. You can modify your curves and things like that. So if I wanted to move my points, I can drag them around. And I can also alter these forgotten the name of these. Sorry. These you can grab and you can move them around. If you hold the alt key you can operate them singly. So they don't hold tangency between the two points on either side. So that's also something that's really handy. Another thing that you can do and you might need to use this for the project we're doing today or introducing today for your design will be sorry the just trying to move these zoom windows around. So if you click up here, you can also have multiple artboards for your designs in Illustrator. So you can hold alt and drag and that will copy or you can click new artboard here and that will create a new one next to it. So I'm guessing you might need to use some text for your projects. So you can create text boxes. Illustrator will al automatically place Lauram ipsum which is filler text in graphic design. But you can create whatever you want in there. So I will go 2021 stem want to write in all caps. , and you can select fonts like normal in a lot of your programs. , I want to use Monerat extra bold, which is the a very commonly used font here at Swimburn. You can change all sorts of things in font and you can also bring up in the window the type tool character and bring that up on its own. So you can manipulate sort of I'll just put this here to neaten up the screen a bit. You can sort of manipulate everything from spacing to sizing even the gaps between letters. So you can increase that or decrease that however you may want. , in the context of laser cutting, , one thing that might be really important depending how you want to use, , either for cuts or for, , etching, , there is the in the type tab there is create outlines of text. So you can select your text box type and create outlines. And as you can see, it's now changed that to a different context, which I will show an example of how you do that or sort of how that's explained. So with Illustrator as well, you have the power to change your fill color, which is here. So I'm going to select red and then your outline color which is black. So if I go to the stroke window I can increase the line weight. So now this has changed my text into a similar setting. So if I click in the group, each text piece now is a singular shape. If I select all of them, I can change the fill color to red. And if I add an outline stroke, which this is going to look very bad, but I'll just show it as an example. And I increase that weight a little bit. You'll see it sort of eats into the size of the shape. So in the context of laser cutting, which I'll explain later, you'll have zero fill and you'll have a 0. 01 mil line, which is not great to show in a presentation. So when we're setting that up at the end, I will I will just show that. So, , that's some of the basics. , another really handy, , part in Illustrator is the pathfinder tool. So, you'll often want to create, , shapes which include multiple different shapes in them. , so I'll create a few copies of this and show how the pathfinder will do them differently. So I'll just do three for now. , and sometimes these can be almost a little bit of trial and error. , sometimes they might not do exactly what you want. , but you will be able to use them and find out which one you want to use. , so there's the unite feature. So that will now create that as one shape. , and as you do your designs, this will become apparent why you want would want to use these. , so if I select both of these and do the minus front, that will take that away from that shape. And then if I'll scroll across. So this will choose the area that is intersected between the two. So their overlap and then if I go and do the same for those. So that will choose the area of overlap as an exclusion zone. And then you actually have two different shapes there. So when you go into their group which is when you double click you'll be able to edit that. So I'll move that back. And in the context of designing the trebuche that I designed these pathfinder tools have were really useful. Another thing that is really handy especially when your files get quite complex. Sorry, I'll just have to move this box again. , is the layers tool. So, , I'll drop a link in the chat now. So these are so the PDF that I've dropped in the chat is explaining how here at the proto lab at Swimburn how we set the files up for laser cutting. So I'll I'll actually go to my file now which I have set up for laser cutting almost. So these are the files that I designed for cutting my trebushchet. So I have two A3 sheets which I had cut in ply. The left one here is a 3M ply sheet and the right hand side is a 9 mil sheet which was a bit thicker and stronger and then the 3M allowed for more weight to be put in the basket. So in these files I'll go over setting them up for different things. , and I'll even add in some text onto this one and set that up for etching in two different fashions. So, I've designed my parts here and I did a bit of research before I started doing this and I actually made a cardboard prototype. , and I learned a few different things about the functions and dimensions of a trebuche. So the most important rule in my research that I found was that the length from the pivot point of the weight to the fulcrum should be 1 to 3. 75 to the length of the end of the arm where the projectile is swung. So that was my ratio that I had to keep in mind. So when I started designing my parts, which I've neatly nested on this sheet, I had them laid out a bit differently, but that's how I started designing them. So when I designed this arm, the dot, the circle here from there to there and there to the end is a 1 to 3. 75 ratio. So that's that's just something that I had to include there. For whatever you guys come up with for your designs. Hopefully we can come up with some great designs for educating young kids about STEM. And from your backgrounds, you probably have a much better understanding of science than I do. So hopefully we can get some really good engaging content in there. But just for this purpose, we're going to go over this trebushe file. So all of my lines here apart from this one here I have set up for cuts. So in that PDF that I sent through you will notice if you have a chance to look at it there's different lines for cutting etching vectors. So you can cut a vector and etch a vector. And then you can do fill etching which is black. So we'll have red, blue and black. And our file is set up for RGB. So this is how we will use our colors. So for this these files, I'll just select these ones for now. I'm going to change the stroke weight. So it's a 0. 1 points, but I'm going to use millimeters as my dimensions. And it's changed it to points. So, I'm going to go into my document setup, which I believe is in millimeters. So, I don't know why that is displaying that in points, but again, this isn't my laptop, so apologies for that. , but I've made sure that is now in the correct line weight. It's a bit hard to see now, as you can see. , but I will change the color of these because I want these to be cut lines. So, I'm going to change that to 255 value in the R, zero in the green, and zero in the blue. So, that gives me a 100% red line. And now it's going to be even harder to see, but if I zoom in, you can see it depending on the quality of the live stream. I'll blow them back up to 2 point just so we can see them. But we have to remember that when we export this for cutting, we will use 0. 01 mm as our line weight. I would do the same for these. Change them. Change the weight and change the color. So, one thing you'll notice in the trebuche that I have here, it doesn't have a platform in here in this area, which has what I realize is very important. It allows the sling to slide out without getting caught and also the weight doesn't get caught. So, that's this additional piece here, which I would glue in. And I think it's quite a nice place to put some text. So, I'm going to go through and design this. I'll even start from scratch because I know the dimensions of it. So, if I grab the rectangle tool and I have a single click without dragging, I can actually create a shape from just from dimensions. So my width will be 156 mm and my height will be 113 mm. So that's that there. And I will grab the text tool and zoom in on this shape. So, if I select something and then I zoom in using the control and plus or minus buttons on your keyboard, it will focus and center them. I'll then grab the text or the type tool and I will drag out a box. So, again, it's dropped in Laura Mipsum. I want to create the 2021 Sorry, I'm in caps lock stem. You'll see this red plus sign, which means that your text doesn't actually fit in the box that you've created for it. So, if I drag that out, I will see that. And it's trying to hyphenate that. And it's also so showing my spelling mistake. So I add the H in there. And you can see that's now made the box not visible or all of the text visible. So I'll select all of my text with control A. And I will go to the sorry character tab which was already open. , and I will reduce the size a bit just so I can get that all in there. Now that I've got that there as well, I'm going to show you how to use the align tool a little bit. , so the align tool is really handy. This is not going to be the most complicated scenario of using it. But you can use there's all different alignment settings. So you can align left, center, horizontal. These are in the horizontal plane. Top, center, bottom. You can even distribute objects. Not going to do anything in this setting, but they can be really handy, too. Another thing to note is that if you want to keep one thing that will stay still. So if you've selected so you select that and you hold the shift key you can select your text as well. What I'm going to do is just move this out of the way here just so it will show what it does. So I've selected both of them. I'm not holding the shift key anymore and I will just have a mouse click on the part that I want to stay still. And you'll see it'll secondly highlight it in the thicker blue line. So I will center that and also that. So I have my text here now. It's all centered and I'm ready to create the outlines. So, in the type there, I will create outlines. , I'm no longer going to need the fill because I'm going to do them as etch lines. , so I will grab the fill color there. So, you can select whichever one is on top is the one that you're going to edit. So, I've selected the black one and I don't want a fill on there. If I select that, I can then select the color that was last used, which was black. , but I'm going to need to change that. So, this one I'm going to use as an edge of a vector. So, I'll have 255 in the value of blue, zero in the value of red, and zero in the value of green. So, that will give me a pure blue line. However, that is not the right line weight. So again, it will etch vector lines only at 0. 01 millimeters. So that I will change again to there. Again, very hard to see. So I'll change that back to 2 point just for showing on this demonstration. And then again, if I did want to do those as a fill etch, I can cancel that color as an outline. I can select the fill. I'll just make it blue and then change my values. , and as a value representation, black is zero in all categories. , so this would create an etch line as you see in that PDF that I sent through. , which is a handy one to save for future reference if you're going to go down this path for your design. , that will etch all of that fill area. , and you can you can do this. , it is just something that takes a lot longer on the laser cutter. , so it's just something to keep in mind. If you don't really need to do that much fill area, it's probably something good to avoid. , for my original design for this, I had created a woodfill pattern, , which I thought might be quite engaging for the audience. , at the scale that this was cut out of plywood, you don't actually see any wood grain. So it would be wood grain on wood grain. But this is something that I created. And it's a process called clipping masks which are really handy in Illustrator. So, if I go and just grab anything off Google images, , in the context of this, I'll grab a trebushche. , so I'm going to create a new artboard. Drop this image on here. I'm going to use this shape as my clipping mask. So, I'm going to I'll use just one of these. , it's probably not the greatest example of a shape to use, but I'll use it anyway. , actually, I'll use Oops. So, , another thing that, , can be, , quite tricky in Illustrator is, , the layering of your objects. So for a clipping mask, I will show you how to not do this first. So in object arrange, I can send that to the back. So now my ellipse is at the back. I've selected both of them and I will go object clipping mask make and it'll tell me an error. So I'll then move Sorry. That's all right. , so I've now sent the image to the back. , and I can now make a clipping mask. , so you'll notice it got rid of the red line on the outline of the shape, but it has selected the area inside. And you can then double click on that area and you can alter it. So you can drag it, , center it and so on. , again, it's a bit of a confusing part in this context, but it might make a lot of sense later when you need to use things like this. That's all right. >> , so I'm just going to have a look at the chat and see if there's anything that I've sort of missed. >> Elliot, >> yeah, >> I just have a very general question. Yeah, >> please consider my brain is just a science brain and with all of this design it's just I'm trying to come up with a so if a students coming from different discipline they want to start like I can see all of this pattern and this you know I just want to know how come you come to create this pattern to then start adding them to the illustrator What was the template you use or is that just you're looking at the do you know the what you plan to design and then you come up with all of these pattern can you just I guess >> yeah so that's probably a bit of something that I have skipped a bit so the first thing I did was I again I'll go back to this artboard over here so I before this I had almost zero knowledge of how a trebuche works. I'd seen a few but I yeah I didn't really know too much about them. I watched a few videos and looked at a few different resources on what has been done in the past. And I think that's a really important part of the design process. So, , when I'm going to design something, , if something's already been designed before, , unless I can greatly improve it, there's probably not a lot of point in designing it again. , for this context, it's different because it's using, , scaling it down for an educational tool. , but yeah, a great thing to do in the design process is benchmarking. So, you look at what is existing, , you take what you can from that. And then you apply it to your work. So this shape here is sort of the basis on what I based my design upon. , and , I think a super important thing before you go into something like Illustrator and then going into the trouble of laser cutting , is you might do a lot of sketching , drawing on paper and then you can go into a program like Illustrator. And as I said before, I made a scale model of this out of cardboard with some skewers. , and I got it working roughly and then I'd learned what I needed to from that process. So, , if any of the groups here have any designs that they're thinking of, I could quickly like come up with how I would go about that. , if you want to drop that in the chat. , but otherwise, it's it's , yeah, with the design process, yeah, look what's existing. , what is your inspiration? , and then go from there. So it's pretty hard to teach all of that in >> yes >> in this one or twohour class but yeah that's something that you would think about and hopefully some of some of you have come up with some ideas at least of things that you would want to design. There's a lot of really nice laser cut designs out there for STEM sort of educational tools. , and there's a lot of great STEM educational tools that could possibly be laser cut or , and that's where we want people with a design background , to show their expertise. , so if there's a premise , in science or your an area of research that you're really interested in , how could you educate , young learners to do that? Especially we see high rates of women in STEM being almost scared to tackle some STEM subjects. So how can you inspire more women in STEM? You can do stuff like that through the design process. So, if anyone has any ideas, this is a good place to bring them up. We can have a look at them. Stuff like that. But yeah, >> thank you Elliot. I think that is the message to whoever is in the you know room today and whoever is going to watch this recording. So if you have an STEM, if your passion in the STEM and you know how we can inspire school age students into the STEM, so they would be someone to direct you. So if you have any idea just send an email to us Elliot and then we can your design and we can see how we can help you. >> Yeah. And luckily if you're a Smurn student you have access to the Adobe Creative Campus and all those all its resources. So you can also apart from me you can leverage people like Julia. So yeah these are some really great resources that you have access to. And we're also offering that if you come to a design that you think could help STEM education where we will support you in laser cutting that and helping produce that. So it's a great opportunity to learn some new skills and I think these are skills that are highly valuable. It may not seem like it but in your future employment. , so I think it's a great opportunity to be involved with. , is there anything that you wanted to add, Julia, that I might have missed? I know I went over things quite quickly. , is there and is there anything that anyone has had any specific trouble with that they would like me to go over again or something like that? I think it might be good to go over exporting, showing people how to actually, you know, take this and create, you know, a PDF or, you know, whatever format they need to be actually printing it. >> Yep, that's a great idea. , so I'll sort of just zoom out a little bit here. , and so we can look and see that I've got four artboards. , this one here is almost useless. I just did that as a quick demo on clipping mask and it wasn't a great demo on clipping mask but you can see how they very useful. I actually did use a clipping mask for this part here too. So I created that pattern out of using the brush tool and some different stroke weights. But I think that's probably a bit too much to go over for today. And so I'll now go over different file types and exporting. So, if you look in here in the file tab, there is save, save as, and export, which are probably the ones that you will use most. So, saving, I'll go save as first. I'm just going to save it on my computer, but you can also save up on the cloud. And just for ease of use, , and this not being my laptop, I'm going to save that on the desktop. , so I will call it 2021, , STEM program. , and so you will see that there is a bunch of different object options here. , the native type for Illustrator is AI. , so we're going to save that as an AI. Again, not my laptop, so it's not letting me save the So, I'm automatically going to save it in the folder that it created for me. , so that's now saved that. And Sorry. Sorry, there's a fire engine driving past. And inside that saving there will be another bunch of options here. So we have legacy versions of Illustrator. So that's probably not that useful for today. And you guys all have access to the latest version of all programs. So, you might need to do that for someone. So, if you were sending a file to someone and they had Illustrator CS6, for instance, you can save it as that file type and it will allow them to be able to fully edit it. I'm going to leave it at 2020. So, when I reopen this file, all of my lines and everything, all the information will still be there. , and then if I export, , so there's a lot of different , options here. So you can export for screens. So for doing web design and things like that, there's a lot of options there. , and then, , another thing that is very handy for laser cutting, , depending what type of process you're going for, , DXF and DWGs, , might be the appropriate, , type. , you can save as like a JPEG or an SVG. , and that will give you a flat image. I'm not really going to need to use any of these exports today. , and a very common , export type from , a program like Illustrator is a PDF. , almost any phone, computer, , even down to probably some smart TVs and fridges could open , a PDF. So, I'll go save as a PDF. And again, it's going to bring up , a bunch more options. Just waiting for the computer. , so there's a lot of different settings here. , so there's the default Illustrator settings that will probably be okay for most situations. , there's high quality print. , we don't really have any, , high quality images in here or anything, so you would not need to go for that. And especially for laser cutting. Sort of the standard was is going to do. But you can look at if you are setting up for printing at like a paper printing shop sort of scenario you can set up bleeds and slugs and things like that and different colors. I'm going to just go Illustrator default and that will suffice for what I want to do. , did you want to add anything in there, Julia? I probably skipped over a lot of stuff there. >> I think that was actually pretty comprehensive. Yeah. I mean, could you just specify one more time which file you want to use for if you were to laser cut? >> , yep. So, for laser cutting, , it would a PDF will be fine. , so, , that will be good enough. And, , it's it's very easily openable. It's not as easily editable. So, , if you were going to send through a file for laser cutting, it could be handy to send both an AI file and a PDF. , if the PDF doesn't work, you can go back into the AI file. But, , yeah, that would be the, , sort of fine scenario for this setting. , so I could go there. , one thing that I did go over brush over, but I didn't actually spend too much time on was layers. , so what I will do is I'm going to rename these layers as cut. I'm going to have to move this again. Sorry. , and so I'll show you how to move those around. So, , my cut lines, which are these ones here, , I can go object arrange, and it's not letting me do that. , they're already in that layer. Sorry. , I will select these and these are my edge fills. So, I'll go object arrange. Make sure I'm in that layer. Sorry, it's not allowing me to select. , do you know why it wouldn't be doing that, Julia? Sorry. Normally I just double click and it selects them. >> , sorry. Run through once more what your >> I'm just trying to move switch them to layers. , so I can move it to the edge fill layer. >> , you might need to so actually open up the layer. So with the drop down arrow in the layers tab. >> Yeah. , and then grab whichever object you're trying to move and just click and drag it into the into the other layer. Oh, sorry. From the from the layers menu. So, yeah, it can be a bit tricky to find which one you want, but grab the actual the actual layer object name from the outliner. >> Sorry, I just >> There we go. >> There we go. >> Yeah. All right. And now you'll see that's gone green. , and if I hide all the other layers, you can see that it's just that there. , and then for just an example, I would intend to cut these, but I will make them blue now. Sorry, it's a bit hard doing this on a small screen. , so I'll go 0 and 255 in the blue, but that's gone as my fill color. So, I'll drag that across as my stroke color. And I'll get rid of the fill. And so, that was these ones here. And I'll drag that into my edge layer. , and then if I go like that, sorry, I didn't move them. It has moved. So, it's a bit confusing because this layer is red. So, I'll double click on that and then I'll change that to yellow. , so now that's similar to the other color, but I'll go there. So if I select those, , my highlight color will now be that color. , yeah, that's just sorry, sort of the last thing I will go over. , but did anyone have any specific questions on anything else? Just have a look. >> Elliot, can you please show us your design one more time if you can? >> The real the real life one. >> Yes. Okay. So from what you did here >> and then printed >> then you were able and you were able to assemble this. Yes. >> Yeah. So I simply glued those pieces in. The only extra pieces that I've added to this were I replaced the basket with a bag. I couldn't get enough weight in the basket that I had originally cut. So I created a bag to do that. , and I created a sling , just with some , canvas that I had lying around the house. , you could use an offcut of cloth or anything really for that. , and then you might be able to see them here, but they're just some little eye books that I got from Bunnings. , so it's a pretty basic construction. , but it does the job. , and yeah, there might be some extra things that you need to add to your design. , or you could design it completely with just laser cut parts. , there could be some really good puzzles and things like that would add a lot of STEM value to students. , you could make a game like operation with laser cutting quite easily. So, if it was to promote something, about the environment or women in STEM or something like that, you could definitely create some sort of interactive games with laser cutting. And the other thing that I didn't really go over was that we will be able to do a bunch of different materials. So we can do plywood in three, five, 9 and 12 mil thicknesses. Acrylic in 2, 3, 5, 6 and 9 mil. Cardboard in two and three and box board in 3 mil. So these are quite a lot of different materials that you could use. Acrylic you can get in all sorts of colors clear through to black, white, red, green, sort of every color of the rainbow. And with cardboard, if you did want to do it, you could set it up so that you had a print out mounted on some card and then laser cut on top of that. That would be an option. If you wanted to bring in some more general sort of graphic design stuff. So there's a lot of options that you could do with this. And again, if you had something that you wanted to design even if it didn't really need Illustrator, you could oh sorry, even if it didn't need laser cutting, you could still design a lot of stuff with Illustrator just as a graphic platform as well. And Illustrator is super handy for doing logos and things like that. Little info in infographics and pictograms. , so I find it as like an invaluable tool for me. , and hopefully you guys will too. , I think it's a it's a really handy tool to have in your toolkit. >> Thank you, Elliot. I guess Julia do we have a source of I think for those who actually participate today and those who register but they were not able to participate the recording of this is going to be provided to you please that's why we requested in the beginning to use of your students ID in zoom so we can communicate with you when we provide And I guess the other link additional link that we can send in the email for you is how you access to Adobe hub and how you can access to this u self tutorial Adobe hub and maybe something across with Elliot is there any places that if they want to get an idea of this you know prototype like you mentioned even for the infographic they can use of Adobe Illustrator but is there any link that they can use or we can if you don't know now we can send it through the email so they can have a look and they get some idea of design >> I can definitely send them the design of this and they can have play around with that >> I'll definitely do that afterwards I yeah again I was planning to do that but I had yeah my laptop was not here So, yeah, sorry about that, but we'll get that the demonstration file sent out to you later today. >> Yeah, I guess all of this information is going to be shared along with this recording and we appreciate everyone's time. Again, for those who join us later and miss the introduction, this is the design for change competition. This is the first workshop. We are going to have the second workshop for Adobe XD and we are going to have the third workshop for Adobe Rush. How you design, how you pitch your design. So you are going to use of illustrator and XD to come up with your design but you need to create a video to promote and come up with the startup pitch presentation concepts to introduce your STEM design. So we are looking for two vision whether you are going to contribute to our AG industry partner you know vision to make the world a better place. Think about the sustainability. Think about the terms circular economy. Think about how you can contribute to this industry vision to help them to make this world a safer place to live. And also the second vision which is basically this workshop is it align with that it's the educational prototype design. So to inspire school age students into the STEM especially we look for any women or girls into the STEM. So think about the regional area and how we can come up with your design and inspire them to join us in STEM. This is the multidisiplinary project and you can come up with a group of three to five students and yeah the winner is going to receive $1,000 along with a professional experience in supported by IG. You're going to be recognized for your work by emerging leaders program and also the story of your you know success is going to be published and everyone is going to get a certificate for those skills that you're going to achieve by attending in the workshop and then the competition. So there are a lot to achieve and I know some of you are here for your assessments which is a design assessment. You can design and pass to your unit and you can come up to competition to win and be recognized. So is there anything else that we want to answer regarding the Adobe Illustrator or competition? >> We have a question from Irene. She's asked if students must use Illustrator or XD to prepare their prototypes. I guess the answer can be any application. Can you please specify what type of application I do you do you want to use? I mean the aim is to design a proto a stem prototype and what we are suggesting here is Adobe Illustrator and Adobe XD. If you and your any students team member they know of the other do you know application that can help them to design I guess there is no limitation for that but we would like to suggest this >> okay we haven't really come to that stage yet but let's say if their design is they start with some just hand drawing something more simple and it can be achieved with that is that possible as well. >> I think I'll maybe add in something here. If you're going to create your video as a pitch presentation, you're still you can still use Adobe products there as well. So I think it would be great if you could use them. So there's there's plenty of space to use Adobe products in this presentation in the total scheme of it. Just add there is so much support. If you've never used Adobe products before, the Adobe hub, all the coaches, we are here to help. So any questions you have, you can email us or you can book a session with us. And we'll help you out with whatever you need. >> And Julia, this is for Sarah students as well. >> Yep. So we can do online sessions if they want to book if students want to book a half an hour peer-to-peer session. So I will I'll grab the link to that and send that as well as well as our email address. That is perfect. Amazing. I guess following what Elliott mentioned because here we offering three Adobe application. If your design is the handwriting but it's a shiny smart idea still you need to showcase and you need to create an startup video by using Adobe Rush to introduce your spam prototype. So at least if you use one Adobe application I think that is all good and anyway for the creating of this video you are going to use Adobe Rush. So you're welcome to use of some other application to come up with your STEM prototype design. >> Yeah that's great. Thanks. Yeah. Definitely for the video because previously we did use Adobe what's that rush. >> Yes. >> U so at least the video will be using that just the design probably it can be quite a steep change sorry learning curve for some. >> Yes. >> So especially those not taking design. Of course I can actually feel that and I'm I'm here to support those students who are not in design. This is what we offering here and that's what the students are going to play risk and act. You know we are not expecting to be perfect in the beginning but that is something that we are going to learn from each other and if we have a multidisciplinary of a students one can be the design students and one can be students in IT or science that would be great. So anyway, at the end you're going to create your startup pitch presentation with Adobe Rush and we have our workshop and startup pitch presentation to help you improve your skills. Okay. So I think with this information we reach to the end and I want once again to appreciate Elliot your time your valuable time and Julia again thank you very much for moderating the session and come up with all the summary points was very useful and again we are going to send an email to all of the students who attend today and those who are not here but they are going to watch this recording. Please join us as an audience or parti as a participate in this workshop and join us as an audience or more important competitors in the design for chain 2021. We are aim to inspire the community to join us in STEM and we want to h in collaborate with the IG vision to make the world a better place to live. Thank you very much everyone for your time and see you in the next Adobe XD workshop which is going to be presented by Elliot and our kind Julia kindly accepted to be here as a moderator. So be prepared for that. Come with the question and listen to what we are going to suggest. I'm sure that you are coming with the innovative STEM idea. Thank you very much.