Good morning everyone and welcome to our panel discussion empowering women in STEM for sustainable impact. So we want to you know this is kind of us coming together annually during national science week and we are excited to share our you know journey with you. So we have a group of women in a STEM who are successfully working in the different organizations and they will bring their story and the opportunities to share with you. Next slide please. So before we start I would like to go with the acknowledgements of the country. So I would like to pay my respect to you know to all the indigenous people from here in Australia and I know that we have guests from Malaysia. So I would like to pay my respect to the traditional owner and indigenous people in Malaysia. So we would like to pay our respects to the eldest, past, present and emerging. And I've luck to see how this connection and this communication bring us together and how we can exchange our you know knowledge and shape the future. So the agenda is going to I've already covered the acknowledgement of the country. I have a few seconds of introducing the start talking competition 2024 which is this panel discussion is the first workshop and we have other few other workshop for the training how for example creating a narrative video inspiring video so and we discuss about that so then we have a science week at swimm so I will invite you to be updated and stay connected and informed with what we are doing during National Science Week this week at Swinburn and across the whole dinner state. And we have an amazing inspiring story which is going to be shared by Amelia. I let her to tell you what's happening around what she did and what she experienced and of course with the sustainable impact that she is looking and working on it in her daily I think basis of her work and of course we are going then to have the majority of this time covering about the questions which is related about the empowering women in a stem for sustainable impact. So with this I would like to go with the next slide and to discuss about start topping competition. So for those who do not know me my name is beta and I'm from the school of science in streamburn. So with my colleague u Castelan and Irene from Sowak we lead a shaping STEM futures program. With this program we are running two annual competition with the passion about science communication because we believe that people's knowledge is a powerful source and if you are doing fantastic work across different discipline it doesn't matter what is your discipline and it's not limited to STEM. So if you are design student, art students, someone who's working with employability, someone who's looking at technology, so any discipline, any topic that is your passion or you have a research about it, you can unpack the challenge with your recommendation or solution with a social impact. So people should know about what fantastic works you are doing. So this fourminut video is the entry to this competition and it's going to be submitted to me and it's going to be live showcased in during week 13 semester 2 2024. So if you have any question you can ask me and this QR code takes you to the story of success of previous year which was from Sarowak. So one of the amazing 4-minut in you know video with the social impact and most of this video is going to be aligned with the 17 sustainable development goals that I've added here. So whatever we are doing it should be some you should have a vision and they should be linked to one of these 17 goals. So that video is going to be an entry to start talking and with this we come to the next slide where I would like to invite Sarah to inform us about what is happening in during national science week and this science week at swimburn. >> Thank you Peter. Hi everyone. My name is Sarah. So, I'm an astrophysicist at Swimburn University, but also a keen science communicator. , and we just wanted to share a little bit about what else we're doing this science week to get everybody engaged. So, we have two more events coming up. One is tomorrow night in person on the Swimburn Hawthorne campus, and that's a tour of Einstein's virtual universe. And then we also have one next Monday night again on Hawthorne Swimburn campus, which is a pizza and a panel. , and it's a discussion with different scientists about their careers in STEM. , so I'll share those links in the chat now. But I also wanted to highlight and reiterate everything that Bea was saying is how important it is, especially for women in STEM to communicate our science and to be able to show up for things like science week and share what we do. One of the biggest problems we have historically in science is that we don't have representation of everybody. , and that's changing very slowly, but we are getting there. And it's often about building up our skills and our confidence and each other and being able to support each other and lift each other up because we all do amazing work and you all are doing amazing things. So I hope you enjoy science week and I hope you enjoy science ahead of this week. Thank you so much Sarah for introducing this amazing events. And with that I would like to invite Amelia to introduce herself and her role and give us a short story of inspiring a story of her trip. And here we go. So Amelia. >> Hi everyone. Nice to see you all. I'm Amelia Pearson. So I thought so I'm I'm a Tazzy girl. , I grew up sort of in the wilderness amongst the likes of alpacas and turkeys. , and I feel like I've always had a love of science and a love of adventure. , and I think that has kind of sort of upon reflection kind of led me to where I am today. , and I'm not quite sure what the future holds. So, we're going to unpack that a little bit as well today. So if you want to go to my next slide. Awesome. So this is me in the elements. I think science communication for me started many years ago. As I was trying to unpack you know what science kind of means. How do I make sense of it and how do I communicate it to other people? I started the STEM communication organization, Let's Talk, way back in, I think, 2016, 2017. And that was all about trying to get undergraduate students excited about science communication and being able to communicate what they were learning at university to people maybe for future jobs, for their moms, their dads, their grandparents, and for their peers as well. I spent some time in Fiji looking at science communication around plastic pollution. And I think through that experience it was really amazing and it showcased you know how you try and sort of understand what a community needs first without bringing in sort of your own expertise and you let others kind of really lead the discovery particularly of challenges. Some of the you know key challenges that we're facing now and then I decided that I wanted to do a little bit more formal education around science communication and so I went off and joined the Quicon Science Circus and traveled around Australia doing science shows for kids. So, , that was everything from, you know, lighting my hands on fire to making thousands of liters of slime, , to play with, and that was a really cool experience. Next slide. So, I think that science communication means lots of different things and through my experiences over the past decade or so, , it's been a real showcase of that. So this slide is kind of I think a nice showcase of the diversity of what cyclom can kind of look like. In the bottom right you've got me presenting to a bunch of students on camera who were in rural and remote Australia and having a look at water tension. Above that, we've got communication to a bunch of policy makers and climate scientists and looking at how we can translate the science to people who need it most. We've got some really cool graphics on the screen looking at how visual tools can be really powerful in communicating the science. We've got a couple of articles, so the power of writing. And then we've kind of got more of a comedy piece in the bottom left where we were looking at misinformation around both climate change and co. So I was dressed up as fake expert and through this we basically did a skit around you know how misinformation gets sort of spread and can sort of perpetuate myths that often people don't even realize that they might sort of be connecting with. So, this is kind of, yeah, I think a nice overview of what science communication has looked like for me so far. , but I wanted to have a bit of a dive into one of my latest expeditions, which was to the very, very cold Southern Ocean. Next slide. This is CSRO's RV Investigator, a mammoth almost 100 meter ship which is docked in Hobart and I had the privilege to jump aboard RV Investigator at the end of last year for almost 6 weeks. I so my role was as a communicator and I worked alongside a guy from IMAS which is their marine and Antarctic science center down in Hobart to communicate the science that was happening on board the vessel and we unfortunately we didn't actually make it right the way to Antarctica but we did make it to the roughest part of the southern ocean so we traveled about to about halfway way between Hobart and Antarctica to the middle of the Antarctic circumpolar current. Now, the Antarctic circumpolar current is the most kind of ravenous current in the world and it spins around Antarctica. , and essentially it kind of acts like a force field. So, it keeps the warmer waters to the north out and it keeps the cold water around Antarctica in to make sure that the icy continent stays frozen. But what scientists have realized over the past few years is that current is actually getting leaky. And so we went down there to investigate, you know, why that actually might be. The kind of consequence of a leaky current is that Antarctica will melt more quickly. And obviously that's a little bit of a problem given that it plays a really key role in reflecting a lot of the heat that's coming sort of into the into our atmosphere and into the planet keeping that heat away. I can't say that it was all, you know, a magical joy ride because I was horrifically seasick for the first probably 5 days. I lived on what are they called? Like rice crackers. Salt and vinegar rice crackers, which I cannot bear the sight of anymore. And then on day five, I managed to eat a potato. , and I knew that it was all going to be up from there. But life on board was it was pretty insane. We had scientists working 12-hour shifts, so people were working round the clock with crew members working around the clock as well. We had some really insane equipment on board. So, , for example, and you'll see in actually it was in the, , previous slide, but basically we've got these things called CTDs, and they get lowered. , so yeah, in the in the ship image, there's like a little white door , on the side, and I think if you press I think it's a video actually, beta. Yeah. So, in a minute you'll see out of that door pops this little instrument and that's called a CTD. And essentially what that does is that it gets lowered to the bottom of the ocean which in our case was about 4 km below the surface of the water and when it goes down it collects samples. And so, , at different depths, the little bottles open, and that means that when it's brought back up to the to the ship, you've got kind of, , a showcase of what the ocean looks like from the very bottom of the ocean all the way back up. And you can see how the temperature changes, , how the maybe the salinity changes, whether there are more nutrients, , in there and things like that as well. So that was one of the key pieces of scientific equipment that we used on board. And then yeah, my role was to kind of communicate what the that instrumentation was for and why it was really important. >> I think Amelia just to concern sorry that I disturb you concern about the timing. Can we keep all some of those in inspiring you know stories as part of the answering to the question in the panel discussion? >> Yeah. Yeah. If you can complete in maybe 30 seconds. >> Yeah. So if we just go to the next slide. This is where I wanted to end. I just wanted to end with a little video that's kind of showcases day in the life of my time on board. So the video is the middle one. >> Yeah. >> Cool. >> And there should be sound on it, too. >> Oh, okay. Maybe we didn't take that. That's all right. Thing. >> This was the lab that you worked with your team. >> Yeah. So that was the lab and this was the back deck >> where all the kind of sciency work was happening. And of course, there was always time for table tennis, which is a whole new experience when you're playing on a rocking boat. Fantastic. That was amazing. Thank you so much, Amelia, for sharing your story. And of course this is just a very abstract of what you've done but I think for our students if you are interested to get more information write your question in the chat and we try to collect it. If you don't answer it all of the question in this short u panel discussion we will come back to you with the answers. I want to make sure that all of the students concern is going to be answered. So with this we come to the panel discussion and I would like to start with the first question because I think this question is kind of and with this question I want to invite everyone to introduce themselves before they start answering that question. So that question is about technology and the trend of the technology for our women in a STEM. So I would like to know what does the changing role of the technology mean to our students and particularly to the women in STEM. So I think I would like to start with do you know maybe Celia you going first and you please you introduce yourself. So this is a quick way of introducing and then you if you have a comment on that question and then we pass to the next member. >> Thanks Peter and thanks for having me. My name is Cecilia TMBI. I am representing I A. The team that I work in at I A concerns itself with capability for our technology and operations team members. That also includes by the way our graduate program. I will drop a link to promote that grad program. I hope all of you will consider it. So the question is around what does the changing role of technology mean for women in STEM and for a person who works within technology without a technology degree I would say that there are fewer and fewer places to hide from technology which is to say all of us are required within the corporate environment to have an increasing appreciation for an expectation to work with technology whether that be rudimentary coding skills or extracting information via reports. We are all of us working within a technology field even if we didn't expect to. I hope that answers your question. Beta, >> thank you so much. We might just unpack on that with inviting who's next? I can't really see all of the members, but I would like to invite maybe Hansy Yeah, no worries. Peter U. So, my name is Hans Nisanka. I am the founder of YouTube Mentor. So, it's a platform for peer-to-peer mentoring and personal development. , the research actually showed that McKenzie's research shows that where with women in STEM, there's about 25% more the companies are more likely to achieve above average profitability. In terms of what Cydia said as well, the landscape has been changing and the tools we are using are going to be changing especially with AI coming on board as well and we've seen that the rapid movement in the last 12 to 18 months especially but it's also hardly segmented into you know few large organizations. So really it's about you know how do we navigate from this crucial pilot phase you could say to you know it's rapidly developing to h how do we kind of go forth from there. There's also research kind of showing that you know 65% of women who believe that you know remote working will help them as well because as women we need to acknowledge that we have another role to play in society as well that is you know most of you know we have families and there's that nurturing role. So it's also about acknowledging as us that as well and understanding that this is part of it and that you know we need to have flexibility as well in going forward as well. Thank you so much Mahansi for sharing some of the literature around what is the you know the impact of the technology but we are coming back to that and I would like to ask Robongi I don't know if you're in the room so >> yes I am in hello everyone lovely to see you all the panelist and all the students and the Swinburn community for joining so I'm Ruangi Fernando. I'm in STEM expertise. I'm an AI researcher. Can't call it a researcher these days. I'm not doing much research. But I'm an entrepreneur. In addition to that, I'm a I work I have a nonprofit called STEM sisters and also a for-profit organization called Immco and Dare. So all of these are very much tied into gender diversity issues around women and specific groups of women of color. That's what I do on a daily base at the bow. But in answering your question beta I really see like you know what technology like there are I always I'm a technologist so I'm I'm a fan of technology. I always see any sort of issues that comes with technology is all to do with ethics and how who is behind it and how we use it. But for women technology has been the greatest enabler. Lot of victories that we have come through in our generations and previous is due to technology. So I am a very positive person looking things how we can really enable technology to advancement of gender diversity issues and as Hassini mentioned some of them with flexibility and so many problems can be solved through technology. So that's what I would like to say. >> Thanks for bringing that positive impact of the technology in our future of life of women in a STEM. So I would like to ask also Miko to add on the comment and of course introduce yourself first please and then start adding to the comments about the technology. >> All right thank you beta and good morning everyone to the panelists and student students. My name is Miko and greetings from Sarowak. So we are located in Malaysia, the Bono Island part of Malaysia with two hours different from Australia, Melbourne. I'm currently a senior lecturer with the Siman University of Technology Zara campus teaching and researching on data science and advanced data analytics. So previously I were I was studying and working in Singapore. I came from a biomedical engineering background and along the way I realized that I have a strong interest in computing. So I pivoted to have a career in data science before I returned to my hometown Sarawa and teach in Siman Sarawa. So going back to the questions by beta I really agree with the previous panelists that technology has already helped women to break a lot of the barriers as compared to the generation before us. In particular, I personally feel that technologies like Zoom, Microsoft Teams allow us to have flexible working, remote working and also digital collaborations where we can have panelists from different countries in one room and these are the things that the previous generation might not be able to enjoy. So as a student I believe that you should also embrace technology especially the generative AI use them responsibly and also use it to increase your productivity so that you will have more time for meaningful creative work. So that's my two cent back to you. Thank you so much Mo and I agree with all of the comments and I would like to see how Amelia you going to provide a last comment on the technology and especially because you practice I know that you are graduated and students in science communication and you talk about your trip with CSIO I believe I would like to see how you look at the technology and the impact of the technology ology and what that means for us in a STEM particularly women why we need to have women in a STEM as a leaders to use of the technology. >> Sure. So I guess I was thinking about it from a bit of a different lens. So I work at the MES climate change communication research hub as the operations manager there. , and in climate change, we face a lot of misinformation. And so I see technology playing a really key role in kind of combating misinformation. , in my kind of area of expertise in climate change. , but I think kind of across the board in lots of different disciplines, misinformation is very much prevalent. , and I think that while this I mean it might not kind of directly tie into women's role but I think particularly in the communications kind of area the way that technology can be used to combat misinformation I think is really powerful and we'll need to use it a lot more going forward. >> Fantastic. Thank you so much Amelia. So I guess I would like to start with the next question where we are to thinking about you know STEM leaders and again this is not about just the women. So we want to discuss about inclusive and partnership between the women and you know men and our STEM and students as a leader in future. So what does the ideal future look like? What do you suggest from what you experience or the way that you're looking at the future? What does the ideal future look like to you? Is there any challenges or concern? Is there any limitation? So what is your suggestion to our STEM students who are coming from different field? IT computing science students might be the majority are in the room today. But we are looking for different discipline and any majors in science. So for anyone wants to start that would be great. >> I can start. >> Yeah, Amelia go for it. I was talking to someone about this the other day actually and the fact that we are increasingly becoming interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary and so being really open to different perspectives and you know particularly PhDs that have both kind of a core science and a social science aspect are becoming increasingly common. , and so I guess the ideal future is to have people that are really equipped with multiple skill sets that can kind of combine to make sure that whether it's kind of a communications problem or a technological problem that we can look at them from really diverse perspectives. That was a great point and I have something to add on it but I will let the panelists to discuss if you have any points to add to what Amelia started. >> I'd love to build on what Amelia just said. When I think about you know 2050 or even the next couple of years increasingly in corporate environments we're expected to consider alternatives or variations to our standard work descriptions more and more regularly and more and more frequently. So the amount of time an individual can specialize on a particular piece of previously acquired expertise gets shorter and shorter. And so retraining and diversification being flexible around what my role is when I begin in an organization and around what it can be should be a very exciting proposition as long as the organization can provide more support and a leadership structure that increasingly reflects that kind of need to change and support people. So that involves helping people within the flow of their work to diversify and change their capabilities and sort of keep pace with I know AI is what everyone's talking about at the moment. What kind of skill sets can we bring into the workplace that empowers people to acquire that capability on the job rather than you know sit patiently and wait for the next crop of graduates to come through with that specialization. And so when I think about 2050 and STEM, it's that and I hope that this is a positive thing for everyone who's currently sitting in their final studies is that the learning associated with how you can be productive in society just continues beyond your formal education. >> That was a great point to consider. So, Raongi, you have a great connections with a lot of students during your you know your organization STEM sisters. What is your observation and what do you think that is ideal future and what is the role for us? >> Yeah, for me broadly STEM why we what's the most important aspect or what we can bring into the society is to fix a lot of challenges. It can be climate, it can be inequalities and that's that's the STEM biggest role and in order to do that we need to be really innovative. So in order to bring who to really innovate one of the key factors is to bring diversity in. So my vision is to see the cross-section of the society reflects in every part of decision making in an organization who is stem and non- stem based so that we can really fix solutions to the society right so that's what I envision to have but the b like the challenge that I see like the world economic summit says just to bridge the gender pay back pay gap It's 134 years. So it's not going to be in the next years happening. But I honestly believe if we all put our effort and really make conscious choices to reflect diversity, of course I have a very special mission because I believe not in umbrella solutions, very target solutions. So that's why I specialize for women and women of color. But it's not just the only intersectional groups, right? It's everyone. We just need to have a cross-section of our society. Reflect in the places of decision making throughout the organization from the very early to the top. Reflect in this diversity then we can see a better future. So that's what I'm hopeful for. That's what I'm striving for and I want to create that awareness within everyone. >> Fantastic. Thank you so much Robangi for that reflective comments. I guess I would like to come with Miko because you're you know you were involved in the industry and now you're a senior lecturer in computing science. So how do you contribute to this question? >> Yeah, thank you Vida. Actually I also have the similar point with Aruangi. In my opinion the ideal future for women in STEM in the next 30 years I really hope that we can achieve the same progress no matter which part of the world we are in because coming from like the industry working with a company headquartered in Europe working in Singapore and now working in Malaysia I observe that the progress that women instead achieve actually varies from nation to nation but hopefully with the technology advancement that we have and all the activities that we have like today we can actually have a future where all women are from regardless of where they are from the world they are fully represented at all levels at the company or institute that they are working at also because the way that we are raised in Malaysia I think there's a stigma you know for women to pursue a STEM career at least the way that I'm raised when I told my parents I want to study engineering they would say why don't you choose you know finance accounting we do have that stigma but I can see that over the few decades things has changed because of the activities that we have organized we see woman astrophysicist we see woman astronaut and hence I think people also changed the perspective and I hope that this can be continued and by 2050 we can achieve the similar progress for every countries in the world yeah >> thank you so much. That would be amazing because I think one of the things that it's important for our women to have a role model because you know historically we don't have that many executive manager or leaders or you know role models in women's for any type of the limitation we have experience. So as much as we have more you know connection and again this is not this is about the partnership between and I'm keen on Amelia started with the multid-disciplinary I'm really keen to see like I think we are passionate educators coming to bring students from different discipline from different gender from different culture and from different educational sector to work together and that's the key I think if you want to have an impact in a society we need to show them that we work together and of course we are connected with them that's why it's the role of science communication once there are something so there is an area like we see like there are some schools we can visit we can in our students can inspire kids into the STEM because the data that shows that how many of our kids going to the STEM it's another issue and this is not just in Australia. I was in Koala Lumpur one month ago and I we had this record and this type of discussion but I think yeah that bring us to mentorship and I would like to invite H anie to discuss and add that your comments on that. >> Thanks Peter. I think one of the important things in terms of enabling this future where all the other panelists has mentioned is that you know we need to start young. We need to encourage young girls and young women to look at STEM and it's it's not you know it's it's like that analogy you know we get a girl a Barbie versus a boy truck or whatnot right so we need to encourage them young and as educational systems that needs to start from there from primary school to look at you know building that relationship with science and technology and in terms of mentorship ship. I think we all learn from others. I think there's always that things we can draw from others and I think really it's really important that we have that connection and that it's enabled to be able to connect with people who has walked that path before as well. So there's plenty of people here in this panel as well as the students who are you know in their first to final years that you all have a responsibility in terms of encouraging our young students to you know take that path and you know what are the benefits and what and as I talk about what the drawbacks are as well but also you know working together I think we even though we might not achieve gender parity as Rangi mentioned that's going to take 134 years. How at least you know if you can make some subway by 2050 I think that would be great achievement. >> Thank you so much Hansi. So I guess again if you have any question and concerns that it's not included in the list of the questions that I'm sharing with our amazing panelists you're welcome to add in the chat and I try to collect them and I come with the answers. So I guess this bring us to the contribution. I think we talk about the impact of the technology and we talk about the you know how we are you know looking at the future for any students in the STEM particularly women in the STEM how the ideal future look like but I think and I hope that is going through the u proper mentorship. So but I think we are talking about the contribution. I think everyone needs to start from I think every one of us working and including students. We I think we have a responsibility and if even we come with a small you know responsibility and role and being proactive that will together collectively that brings a huge impact. So I think that's why now we want to talk about our roles and our contributions something as a team or something as an opportunity that panelists they would like to share with your you know from where you are working or what your experience or what you observe. So it can be encouraging and it can help our students to reflect on their role. So let's talk about the contribution and I think we talk about the contribution to sustainability. So but this could be any of any vision that we have which is linked to one of these 17 development sustainable goals. So yeah if you have any comments to share. So I would like to start with Raongi because I know that a lot of your activities it's align with this 17 development sustainable goals and that's how you as a funer of a STEM sisters come with this initiative. I know that your daily life change after the STEM sisters but how do you what is your observation and what is your role and what you would like to suggest our students? Yeah, I strongly believe we as individuals should really you know try to tick as many boxes of the 17 sustainable goals through our daily lives to the work that we do as researchers or whatever the role that you are in because this contribution is immensely needed by the society because we need to leave the earth in a much better standard than what we found. We should strive for it. So I think in your research expertise and everything but personally for me my research also worked on sustainability where I looked at how planned special events can reduce road congestion like how pre-planning how predictive planning can avoid road congestion. So that's something that I worked on sustainable side one there but being a technologist as I said technology has been a great enabler. So I would strongly s suggest anyone in research any research that you do there is a sustainable element that you can look at and improve. So like you know focusing on your carbon footprint and what you are like if you're looking at the more environmental side of things. I would share one thing because I'm also a passionate of like you know being a woman and someone loved fashion like fashion. So fashion is not something any sort of fashion is very un is actually adding quite a lot of carbon footprint to the world and now Australia is the number one fast fashion conceiver recently and now bypassing US and China so we really have to do quite a lot because as women I know like a lot of us love fashion that's part of it but how do we can make better choices better making and stuff not but any other sustainable goals like gender equality or you know there are any things that you can do I mean being aware what is happening around how you can really support would be a greater thing so anyone interested in particular fashion sort of sustainability then there is some initiatives from stem sisters we call it at swapsis you don't have to be someone in STEM it's for all women in STEM sorry all women whether it's a woman of color non doesn't matter it's where of using technology to swap clothing and the other aspect I would like to share about sustainable initiatives. Sometimes we try to be sustainable but we really need to measure how much we reduce carbon footprint by some of our activities and also make sure doing that activity are we adding more. So you really need to measure like sometimes like if I take this example of fashion that what we do if you are really you trying to use transportation and things like that to swapping clothes then you know that is an addition in similarly how much you reduce. So the solutions has to be really thought you know really gone through and check how the initiative like you we all are trying to do our best and we may be doing something wonderful but again you have to really measure what's the carbon footprint and things like that. So I'm just focused on one particular area but as Brita mentioned it's highly important that we as individuals do our checkboxing in all of these ways and how we can really make the world a better place. >> Thank you so much for sharing your activity and your initiative to play your role. I guess I would like to just consider I'm just concerning about the time. So is there any other you know activity that our panelists are drawing that they would like to share or any opportunity for our students to consider? I was just going to bring up so I think sometimes when we think about things that we care about or challenges that we're facing, they can feel a little bit overwhelming. And I certainly I mean I feel it like every day in my work when it comes to the climate space but I was at an interesting presentation the other day and they were talking about giving circles. , and I don't know how familiar people are with those, but essentially, , a giving circle is a group of people, often they're friends, , but they might be friends of friends or just a group of random people who have something in common. And they come together, , with kind of a collective cause that they care about , and they essentially fund raise for that cause over a long period of time. And, , there are some amazing examples of this. For example, there was a girl in the US who she was a teenager. She decided that people were giving teenagers a really hard time and that teenagers were having to deal with some pretty stressful things. And so her and three mates decided to fund raise for teen addiction. And those three mates went out and found another three mates. , and a couple of years on, they've raised $50,000 by giving just $25 each every quarter. , and there are 180 people that are now involved in that giving circle. So, if there's something that you kind of care about and want to contribute to or that you're interested in, it's a really nice way of kind of facing some of the challenges that we've got going on and giving back and also just bringing people that you care about together as well. >> Thank you, Amelia. That was an amazing example of how we can make a role. That's why I said if we have some small you know idea but once it comes together it's going to have a huge impact. So I was in Malaysia for the study tour climate change in Malaysia. I took a students as an educator because I know that this is a gap in our education system. Students studying their discipline, but they hardly have a chance to come together and work together as a team to unpack a project or a research or a challenge and that was about climate change in Malaysia and through that connections students working with the local stakeholders in Malaysia, local students we had group of students coming from business climate justice law, psychology, science, engineering, aviation. So all of the different discipline and then they just see the you know they were inspired by how this you know this kind of multidisiplinary with a passion on something that you do care it helps them to grow and it helps them to grow to connect to those people that they do something about it. So I was witness on that and it was amazing. Do we have any other question and comments from the OP panelists otherwise I'm going to share the next question which bring us maybe you know I think all of our students are interested to know about and you can bring your all of your comment in this question. So we think about the now we are having generation z in most of our classes. So the data shows that how many of our generation z is going to be the employee of future jobs. So I think thinking about this u our vision to make the world a better place to live. So what do you think what are the skills and what are the you know essential tasks that they could are students particularly women in STEM but again we are thinking about an exclus inclusive u decision here with the help of women and you know the our men students together what is the essential skills for the future job linked to the sustainable impact and linked to protecting our planet. Mo >> yes I just have a very short one based on my observation I think the most important skill right now in this rapidly changing world is the skill to learn. So lifelong learning is something that we will never be able to avoid because things are changing really fast. So I would like to you know share with all the student on my favorite quote to encourage them to continue to learn is that we are all the luckiest person among the luckiest people on earth to be at the leading edge to acquire knowledge you know while cognitive capability is what the world is appreciating right now and the students you are young healthy and smart you are on the right place at the right moment don't blow it's a long life it takes discipline there's no magic so just focus learn and excel in every task that you are assigned to. Yeah, >> thank you so much Ma and every panelist I would like to hear from you because this is I think the main question for our students you know in the second year or third year of their study and they're looking at a potential you know career in future. What is your recommendation for them and what are the opportunities you might have to introduce and what are their skills take this now Peter I think we've been in a time where more technical skills were more used as the foundation but we're moving into where technical and soft skills are required the tools we might use for technical skills might be different you know each year that's changing But in terms of soft skills, you know, being able to the communication skills, the teamwork, adaptability, I think really important is resilience as well. , Mik mentioned that lifelong learning and that means that there's going to be continuous changing environment. , and we need to have resilience. I think that's one of the really important skills to build. >> Thank you. And I can see there are some questions in the chat. If any of the panelists get a chance to respond, that would be amazing. But do we want to who's going to be next? >> Yes, Peter, I can go because I agree on the lifelong of learning and then resilience to add on. I think being curious is so important especially in the areas of science or STEM related. I think that brings your spark and being like how do you be curious is to really you know get to know like you know what's going around be participating engage with things so then you would understand would like to find your passion through your curiosity so these are because the rest of the like we may see now oh there is a huge boom in AI and it will be staying though whether you like it or not So all of these what you need to learn new is in the you know it's in your fingertips. So any skill that you need to learn that is so many means and methods learning has been access to knowledge has been so easy now. So there is no problem with that. But if you're not curious if you're not passionate is really hard to take that lifelong learning you know. So I think that's important to have those niches. In addition to some of the question that is mentioned about bringing how to encourage young women or men or boys or girls into STEM I would say again especially for girls I think we need more many more role models. So because if I share some statistics there is 36% of women enroll girls enrollment into STEM studies of course we are not 50% yet but the bigger problem is also out of that only 15% work in STEM industry so there is an industrial issue of welcoming women who have with qualification also and to really keeping them there. So we need to really have that problem fixed. So through showcasing your mothers and aunties and who not is working in STEM, staying in STEM, getting to leadership in STEM is so important to see that in for the next generation. And the other aspect that I see to encourage is to make science a part of your daily life as to see the science behind in every natural phenomenon or something like that. So in that way you become closer to science rather than this is a distant you know activity happening. So I would encourage if you really are thinking about bringing young or old or anyone into science interested during this national science week STEM sisters organized something called as so science. It's where scientists meet the general public. So there's 12 amazing scientists. Brea was one of them last year and we have 12 new scientists this year. They are women and non-binary speakers that we have invited for during the national science week at the state library this Friday. Anyone keen to attend you know simply it's for anyone in the public society. So young old anyone into learning about sciences. So you can get to know more 12 different science experiments or things that there are these amazing scientists doing. So you know being curious is so important and then really sharing what you do as scientists with the general world because end of the day general public are the real investors of science. So you know as scientists what we use as funding or resources is the taxpayers money. So it's equally important to share your learnings not just in a scientific journal or a scientific presentation. It's important very important to share with the broader community. Yes. Thank you Brita. >> Thank you Raangi. Do we have more comments from the panelists? I just want to raise one thing else before I ask panelists and we are going to finish in three minutes. So I guess one of my student generations at 20 years old in the study tour in Malaysia she said beta we grew up with a technology and I had a dream to work as influencer because it's kind of bring me a joy money everything that I wanted and use of that technology and that skills that I'm interested and I'm and then now after that trip she said that beta find the identity how I'm going to act as influencer. So now I've decided to bring all of my activity f with the focus of climate change. So as an educator if we have one students comes to act as influencer and have a vision to work with climate change then that is kind of do you know that's kind of our role this is maybe if I can inspire one student then everyone can do it and then imagine the board with all of these you know connections so that's kind of an strong you know I really believe in small things can be an huge impact. Any comments from panelists? Amelia? >> I just had two things. One for anyone kind of thinking about future careers, feeling stuck, whatever. If you think someone is cool or they have the job that you want, I highly encourage you to reach out to them and tell them that. , and they will almost certainly always say yes to coffee. So, , that's kind of my biggest tip, I think. , I, yeah, a lot of the kind of things that have happened in my life so far have just come through random conversations that I've had with people. So, , yeah, think someone's cool, reach out. The second one was around empowering or kind of connecting young women in STEM and kind of encouraging them to follow that pathway. I think for me I fund fundamentally believe that happens or is most effectively happens at a really young age. And so if there's any way that you can contribute to kind of young people's education, we do that in a formal capacity where I work. , but if there's any way that you can kind of go in and maybe volunteer at your school or something like that, I think that's a really nice way to connect with young people , and get them really excited about what is a really cool career. >> Thank you so much, Amelia. Just following on Amelia's comments, if you're interested and you would like to be part of this journey inspiring kids to the STEM, contact me. There are a lot of opportunity at Sunburn that I can share with you and please do not miss this opportunity before you graduate and hopefully those are the evidences that the employees can see that you are passion you already work on it and you have and of course you enjoy of what you're doing. Soya I guess I don't know if you have any question because this is the end of the panel discussion and that was just the beginning of how I'm sure that you can find our panelist in LinkedIn so they are doing fantastic works fantastic research you reach out to us if you're interested or you have a concern of course following Amelia's com comment we love to have a coffee and chat about what is your concern and we do care about you. So if you don't have any last comments from panelists, I will officially announce that this is the end of this panel discussion. And to start with, I would like to encourage you all to come with your passion or research in any field and to create 4minut video and submitted to us in October to be live showcased in front of the judges which is coming from our industry partner A and our Swimburn and chief scientists at Swimburn Virginia and some of the organization. So that is the way that you can bring an impact and think about the 17 sustainable development sustainable goals in your daily life. Thank you so much and again enjoy your the national science week. Check your family members. Go and find through the national science week website what are the activities in the city at Swimburn and hope to see you in front of the state library on Friday 16th of August at 2 p. M. 12 of amazing women in STEMs are presenting to public. Here we go. Thank you so much everyone.