# VIDEO: Stepping into Industry  (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-10-15

Welcome everyone. Hello and welcome to those of those among us who are from the Sowak campus. Exciting to have you with us today. And today we are looking at or we are experiencing the wonderful sessions stepping into industry as part of the shaping STEM futures program. So we'll begin with an acknowledgement of country. So we respectfully acknowledge Australia's first nations people for their ongoing connection to country, culture, and community. And we also respectfully acknowledge the traditional owners of the land upon which you're all variously situated today. And many of us are on water land and we acknowledge that the first nations people are our first storytellers and our first researchers and that we treat that research with the importance it deserves and aim to be reciprocal in the research that we undertake. So thank you everyone for joining me in that. And so I'm very excited to introduce Linda Mo who's going to be taking us through this session today. And of course we do have the fabulous Vita Zepharanloo with us our chief of STEM futures who will be guiding us as well. So I'll hand that over to you Linda. >> Thank you so much Caroline. Hello everyone. My name is Linda. Basically today's session we're going to go through just a bit about who I am about Evolve Scientific those who want to step into industry and what basically you're going to encounter. So, how a recruit agency works, the difference between using an agency, direct applications, the benefits of using an agency, the types of contracts you'll come across, and how to prepare and prep for interviews with, you know, different questions, behavioral questions. And then there'll be going through reference checks as well, and how important that is as well when you're applying for jobs. And then there'll be a point where those who are not from a science background, you guys can hop off at this certain point. And then I'm going to go through a bit more detail about the types of roles that we work on sort of for science graduates. So, again, thank you both for the opportunity to present to your students. This is awesome. And also gives a great guidance for G graduates wanting to industry once they finish their studies. So, I'm just going to quickly share my screen with the slides. So, share that so everyone can see that. Let me just Oh, can everyone see that? Okay. >> Yes. Perfectly. Perfect. >> Amazing. So, that's just Yeah. So, I'm Linda. I'm a senior recruitment consultant at Evolve. , so just a little background about us as a company. So, Evolve Scientific, we were originally founded in 2010. , and we have so we around about 15 years. We're also part of a much bigger company called Enphroft and we only joined them about three years ago. So what Evolve does is that we are agency that specializes within the science technical field working with sectors across pharmaceutical, food, biotechnology, chemical, cosmetics, environmental so all sorts of industries. We are based all over Australia. So here obviously here in Melbourne we're in Brisbane, Adelaide, Sydney and Perth as well. With the acquisition with NES, we did also open up in Singapore last year. So, we're starting to expand much more you know internationally, not just in Australia. So, there's going to be a lot more opportunity for us as a company, but also for you candidates as well future candidates for roles outside of Australia. But we also have access to NES's offices outside throughout Europe, America, Asia. So, pretty much everywhere. So, that's a little background about us as a company. And a little background about myself. So, I was a science student. So I did my bachelor's of science and biochemistry and biotechnology at the University of W Cuttle in New Zealand. And then I worked within the lab for about a year back home doing many chemistry testing. Then I moved over to Australia and basically was open to anything being very flexible with where I can take my skills to. So I end up within food manufacturing at Heila Spice working within quality space doing you know your QC testing. So your basic wet chemistry, pH, titrations of every batch that was made. Also doing the quality checks across the site as well. I did for about three to four years and then decided to change my career and joined Evolve Scientific. So I've been here for about three years and I've been senior for about a year now. So that's a little bit about myself. So next we'll go into how an agency works and direct application. So when you start looking for work and start applying for roles, you're going to come across agencies whether that's with us through science or if you're not part of the science area, there might there will be agencies who do other b general recruitment or within finance and whatnot. So traditionally a direct application, you're applying for jobs directly to the company and you have direct communication with the company and it'll take you know go through that process. How an agency works is that we are basically the middle person between yourselves and the company or the client. We communicate with them, we communicate with you. There's no direct communication between you guys. So we're just the middle person. They come to us and then we source the right candidates. Keep in mind with any agency, there's no cost for you guys. It's a completely free service or service. All our, you know, money comes from the clients themselves. So that's really the main difference between directly applying and going through an agency. You may think you know why would companies go through agencies? Why does there needs to be a middle person? Really you know it could be financial in terms of you know cost savings on their end. It could also be speed as well. So these are some benefits why people go through agencies or through revolve scientific. So speed like I mentioned the process can be much quicker. So for a lot of the managers, they may not have someone specifically doing you know finding candidates or looking through resumes whereas that's how jobs these managers they have other priorities in their jobs. They don't have time to be looking at resumes all day whereas that's what we do. We're able to shortlist candidates according to what they're looking for. We're able to sort of you know kind of push managers to kind of you know process the resumes a bit more like look at the resumes we'll sent through. We understand what the client's looking for. So they've told us exactly what they're looking for. You know, they could advertise for a lab technician and that could be any sort of background, you know, whereas the manager specifically told us, I want someone with this skill or I want someone that's done this instrument. Someone that's come from this background or whatnot. So we're able to understand them really well and using our science background, we're able to understand and having worked in industry, we already know what sort of role it is or what we're working on essentially. We also get to know you as candidates. So we bring you guys in for an interview, get to know you a little bit more. We're not just filling a job, we're also putting you into jobs that you're going to enjoy and stay within long term. , we work as a team as well. So, you know, I'm I've met you, I've interviewed you, my colleagues work on a role, you know, I'll pass on your details on. So, we work as a team to make sure that we're fitting what the client's looking for and what you guys' candidates looking for as well. , we're able to sell you. So, with agencies, you know, with when you're applying for roles, they're looking at resume. Whereas with us, we have that direct communication with the managers. So that we can basically kind of sell you know tell them a bit more than what's on your resume go through your personality you know bit more extroverted introverted or you know those sort of little details as well and we can prep you for the interviews as well. So we have that heads up where we know the managers their personalities you know give you a bit of tips and tricks about you know this manager is going to be more bit more casual they're going to be a bit more uptight we have that advantage too to prep you. And with agencies there are multiple opportunities we work on. So you're not just applying, you might you might apply for one role, but we're going to keep in mind for other options as well that we're working on that you might not have noticed or thought of as well. And then we have continuous contact with all our clients and with future candidates as well. Six pretty much the benefits of why people might use agencies or you know how we work at evolve as well. So these are the types of contracts as you apply for jobs you're going to come across you know casual contracts, permanent contracts and you're going to be like I don't know what's different. So, , permanent contracts, we basically it's a contract directly with the company. So, if you're working, you know, if it's the recruitment process through the agency, , and you have a permanent contract, you then become a full-time employee with that company. , permanent contracts can be full-time, which is, you know, 38 hours a week. It can be part-time, which is anything less than 38 hours a week. , with any permanent contract, you're always going to get your benefits like your annual leave, your sick leave, and any other benefits that comes with working with the company. And majority of per actually all permanent contracts will always have some sort of probation period. So for those who don't know what a probation period is essentially when you start a job it could be three months, it could be six months and basically this is the time where you need to prove yourself. You need to show that you're a fit for the role. You know working well with a team because within that pro probation period at any point if you're not working out they can say hey look this is not working out like going to finish up in this role. So that's why asking your probation per is very important and most companies have a six month probation period. So yeah that's permanent. Now with a casual contract will be a bit different. So with casual contracts that is a contract working through typically if it's through an agency it will be working with us. So technically legally we are your employer not the company. So that's how that will work with a casual contract with us. Most of our contract roles are full-time work. Could be part-time, could be on call. But with casual understanding, you're not getting your annual leave, you're not getting sick leave, so you're not getting those benefits. However, you do get a 25% casual loading on top of your base pay rate in L any. So essentially, you're only getting paid for what you work. And if you take a day off, you know, you're not going to get paid because you've got that 25% casual loading on top. With a casual contract, again, it's you're not getting some benefits. So, one of those things that you have to always be aware of with casual contracts is that notice is not required either from you or the employer. So, let's say technically if you find another job really you don't have to give notice, you can give 24-hour notice. As courtesy, we always encourage people to give at least a week or a couple days. With the employer side of things, they can actually let you go at any point within your contract for any reason, whether that's performance, low, you know, workload, financial reasons, they can say, "Hey, look, unfortunately today's stage last day. We can't keep one. " So that's the risk with any sort of casual contract, but also understanding, you know, most of our roles are full-time. We al also give a good understanding if it's 6 months, 12 months, 3 months or whatnot. But just understand there's always that risk with a casual contract. And that's just how it essentially. So these are the types of contracts you'll come across once you're applying for roles. Just so you guys can understand you know what all the terms mean. So in terms of preparing for interviews. So of course you'll need a resume. So this is just a really basic format on how to do your resume. So making sure you have contact details. You need the person to be able to contact you. So, mobile number, , your email address, , you can also put your sub suburb in because, you know, if you're applying for jobs in the southeast and you live in the west, it could be, you know, a matter of like, are you happy to travel out that far, you know, realistically. , so those things are important. A bit of a summary about who you are, what you're looking for, your qualifications. So, as a graduate, I always recommend to make sure you have your qualifications at the start of your resume. So it can, you know, it's kind of in your in our faces that you've just finished your degree, you're a graduate looking for a role with an industry. Then putting on your work experience that can be any sort of work experience. Some graduates mistakenly may not put their job at like Mackers or Woollies because they think it's not professional. No, we want to see everything that you've done. Those are all important. And actually a lot of employers really like it when people have part-time jobs, casual work because it shows they're able to manage multiple tasks while studying. They've gained different you know work experience and skills working within you know hospitality or whatnot. So making sure that you put in any sort of work experience it does even if it's not related to you know your degree or your career. Skill summary. So just a summary about your skills maybe lab skills you might have learned or certain like skills like Microsoft Office or whatnot within your degree and then other things like your hobbies interests any sort of publications you might have been involved in and then references you can always just put available on request and normally would only contact references when you're being progressed through a job. These are some interview tips which seem quite obvious but actually a lot of graduates sometimes don't just don't know. So making sure you plan ahead. How you going to get there? Is there any parking? Are you going to take public transport? Have a look on Google Maps. Making sure that you've got enough time to get there early. So I always recommend getting to your interviews at least 10 to 15 minutes early. If you're running late, always, you know, apologize, always let them know, send a quick message. , as a recruiter, I'm interviewing people all the time. You'll be surprised by how many people just rock up to an interview 15 minutes late and don't even like say anything to us. , don't Yeah, don't give us a heads up. Don't apologize when they get here. So, these are things just so just remember being polite and courteous. So, smile, maintain eye contact, turning off your mobile phone. Again, in interviews I've had many people had their mobile phones on the table and it's turned on. Notifications are popping up and they you know they're answering question but then they're looking at their phone and it just yeah it's a bit yeah some things are a bit common sense but you'll be surprised how many people do that and it is distracting presenting well for your interview so dressing professionally I always say to be to dress you know the best you can so making sure you're wearing long pants nice shoes you know put on some perfume like again just these are all important things and you know we can be a bit lenient but lots of managers out there in industry, they're really picky about these things. So, making sure you're able to present really well. , do your homework on the company, vacancy on the job, the company you're interviewing for. Even if you're coming in for an interview with us at Evolve Scientific, making sure you've done some research on who we are because then it shows that you're preparing well, you're treating this interview seriously. When you're treating like a professional interview because in our interviews that will give us gauge give us the gauge on how you're going to perform an interview with the client. Listen to the questions carefully. Avoid rushing your answer and just making sure you're answering things really well and not rushing too much. And then having questions to ask the end whether that's about work culture, about the job itself, the day activities, it just shows that you're interested in the role. So having questions to ask. So yeah in terms of that's preparations now I'll go through the technical questions. So and at evolve we do two types of questions. So we do technical questions on what you would have done your degree your units and then we also behavioral questions. So this slide is probably more focused on the science sort of things. But if you guys aren't science students these are probably applicable as well in terms of really understanding what you've done in your roles. I mean sorry in your degree. So if you're a science, you know, knowing the skills you've done, preparing acid techniques, wet chemistry, titrations, and sorry, is it >> sorry, I meant to not disturb you and let you to finish. So there is a question in the chat. >> so we just wanted to maybe answer that question before we move u forward. I don't know if you see the question or do you want me to read? >> Oh yes, I can see it. So can we add skills even if they are not directly related to job titles and job directly like I have laboratory skills but if I apply for clinical technology look you can add skills that may not be directly related to job titles and job directly. , if I would I would recommend if you're applying for a skill, like if it's a specific job, I would say edit your resume to cater towards that job. , but if let's say you're applying for jobs with us as a recruitment agency, I would make sure you have some sort of general role because it could just be applicable to other jobs that we're working on as well. But making sure that you are putting in skills that you can actually explain an interview and understand well too. So it just really depends on yeah I would say edit according to the job titles but if you're applying for like an agency I would recommend just putting all your skills to make it a bit more general so that we can see what other roles could be suited to you as well. I hope that makes sense. Linda, I have one question myself. So I can imagine all these employers and you as a recruitment coming to look at >> you know hundreds of application, CVS, cover letter. >> Yes. >> How do you differentiate between this instruction common instruction for the candidates? So is there any strategy that our candidate can of course reading the job advertisement and the role and the descriptions and if there are any criteria questions spend time to reflect on the question and use of the technique and skill and experience and a study that you have to answer to those is going to make you a kind of an customized document. That you can share. But is there other strategy? >> I'll be honest. I don't think there's much strategy on your side as a candidate. The how we actually filter is dependent on the client and exactly what they're looking for. But as recruiters, we're not just looking at people specifically for that role. We're looking at all the roles that we're working on as well. So even if let's say you've applied for the role and your you know your skills and background may not exactly fit this job that you've applied for, we might still we'll still get in contact with you in case there's other jobs as well. So it just really depends on the client needs and wants. Because they can be quite particular. But in terms of yourself as a candidate, just making sure that you yeah customizing your resume according to the role and the main duties, but also putting in the information to keep it general as well in case there's other positions that we're working on. Yeah. >> Yeah. Because I think the quality of the communication once it comes to be invited to the interview that is going to represent individuals with the knowledge and everything that's why I recommend my students and everyone of us educators across different discipline especially with the AI on board. So I guess at the end of the day once you graduate and you want to look for a job you're going to sit in front of the people and they are going to come up with you know proof of evidence if your technique your communication all your skills required for their job it's actually meet their expectations. So I think we need to train our students to and a gra to be a confident graduate with the best of their ability. I can see there are two more questions in the chat from Tien and Dylan. >> Yes. Sort of advertised jobs from mostly from SE. Yep. Position applying at part-time jobs. Yeah. But mostly a lot of people position anyway we can get into support. Well I think the best way would be to get to early notification of all the roles come through like the same time but the best way would be us registering you getting you interviewed so that you're already in our pool ready to go for a role in so getting you through this is actually a great way to get part of the pool much early is just being you yourself being part of the session and just send your resume through to me at the end of the presentation we'll have my direct email so you guys can send through your resumes directly to me. We can get that to the end. But that's one way to get in to the pool early and getting a new getting basically being told of a role that may not be advertised yet. It's just getting in our system ready to go and this would be some way as well. How long should a resume be? I would one page one page is good for a graduate. Yeah, I wouldn't expect a graduate to go more than two pages. That's perfect. Especially for graduate roles which are highly competitive at the moment. It's easier to read. I can look at it bullet points. It's quick and simple. So yeah, for a graduate one page, one to two pages is perfect. Is it recommended for both to internship the same place? Well with us we don't do internships at Evolve. We may do paid employment. So it really depends. I mean if you're a fresh graduate and you want to get like a paid, you know, paid job, I would just say, you know, apply for your first jobs. But it Yeah, I guess it's up to you. You can apply for both at the same time. It just depends on what ideally you're looking for. If you want paid employment because most internships aren't typically paid. Yeah, >> I can see there are one or two questions. So, I just wanted to offer you could u raise your question if you have access to the audio because this is a recorded session. So, we could record your question but if you don't have access to the audio you can write in the chat. So I just give some time to Linda to read the question before we sharing the answer. >> and then is it recommend to sorry as a master student in biotech who's interested in pursuing a career in medical bio technology what software skills technical skills are generated fresh graduate look it really depends on the job itself and the systems they use at the company. I would say you know it to just really revise what you've done in your masters and just show that you have a good understanding of what you've done where that you could transfer those skills into the role that you're applying for. So more so not specific software skills or specific T schools. It's really dependent on how much you understand your degree and your masters and how you're able to convey your understanding in an interview as well. So I wouldn't say anything specific just have a good understanding of your own and then that could be transferable into the job that you're applying for. Do you use AI when screening resumes? So should we structure our resumes in a special way to find it? No. Oh, at Evolve we don't. Each as consultant is actually manually screening every resume. So we don't use AI here. So we're just you know we're actually reading your resumes in whatever format you're sending it through. Yeah. But I can't speak for any other companies or agencies. Yeah. >> Okay. I think that's all the questions at the moment. So we'll continue. Thank you Linda. >> So continuing with technical questions. So these are some examples of questions we might ask but also some things that you might need to revise. So here we will ask about you know what sort of techniques have you learned during your unit? Can you expand on them? Any sort of things you might have learned like if you're a food science student you might have learned G&P Hessip your chemistry you learn titrations HLC you might have used you know Microsoft Office or you know any sort of testing or in the lab or any sort of like assignments you've done projects you've worked on so any sort of techniques even if let's say you're not in a science-based role techniques you might have learned in your own degree I'm not sure you would have learned in your degrees but a great way for people to sort think about how you understand it is this next slide. So what is it, why you're using it, how you do it and the common issues or troubleshooting. So for example, let's say you're going to talk about titrations. And I say you know you've mentioned titrations on your resume. Can you tell me what is it? And I would expect you to tell me, you know, what is titration? What is it used for? How you perform a titration and what will be the common issues that you would need to troubleshoot with titration. So just using this format to help you explain these techniques and skills that you're listing on your resume or things that you're mentioning in your interview. So if you're going to mention on your resume, if you're going to bring it up in your interview, be able to know what you're talking about. I've had graduates, you know, list different techniques and say, "I've done this, this, this. I've done you HP on PCR. " and I say, you know, okay, well, tell me what does H PRC do U and tell me how you how you analyze samples using it and they have no idea what how to explain it. They actually can't remember. So if you're going to say anything, be able to back it up and understand what you've done because then we can understand your level saying what you're doing at your uni. Are you just doing the job or actually learning and understanding what you're doing? Another part questions we will ask about is your projects and internship. So your projects, what was the initial concepts, the aim, the experiments, the methods you used, the results, the real applications and challenges you faced. So be able to explain these really well. And also if you've done any sort of internship, so what company you worked at, what was the main project you worked on during your internship, your main duties dayto-day, any sort of industry standards or regulations you learned during your internship. So these are really important. Some people do internships and they just, you know, just do it just to have it on their resume. You need to understand what you're doing. Because if you have an internship, you need to be able to explain it and you know in the interview with us and also with the company as well. So these are just some things to think about when you're doing the technical questions and these are things you can actually prep for really well. You've got the notes, you've just graduated so they should be fresh on your mind but be able to revise as well. Another part of the before we move on there's the chat as well I think. What are the current trends in indust current trends in industry that you think new graduates should be aware of? Industry look I would say industry wise trends can be a bit slow in industry just because they're always aware of cost savings. So for example like AI and things it may not be implement as fast as it is in industry in terms of current market right now and for graduates right now I'll be honest the market is a bit quiet at the moment so I would just suggest in terms of how when you're applying for roles and things just look at all the avenues that you could look at like recruitment agencies LinkedIn direct applications maybe messaging HR so those are things at the moment But in terms of current trans industry that you know very should be aware of I'll be honest it's just sort of just being yourself knowing what you're doing being flexible because in terms of like yeah current technology and things it is implemented very slowly in industry just because of money and cost savings. So yeah hope that helps. Okay and then continuing with the presentation. So, behavioral questions, , behavioral questions are very important to prep for and do. Now, a lot of interviews might even just only be behavioral. So, these are situational type questions that you're going to counter. They want to see how you're going to deal with these situations at work. So, these are some examples of behavioral questions. So, , tell me about a time you made a mistake, example of a conflict you've had with a colleague, , a stressful experience, your strengths, your personality. These are behavioral questions, and sometimes they can be situations where you may not even be able to think of an example at that moment. , so these are things you can prick for, but also can also , kind of make you be like, oh my gosh, like I don't know what to say. But again, just listen carefully, think about your answer. , and the key thing with these behavior questions is making sure you have specific examples that involve yourself. So, we don't want to hear you say, "Oh, I've never made a mistake. " We don't want to hear you say, "Oh, when I make a mistake, I go to my supervisor. " No, we want to hear you say a specific example. It's not a bad thing that you've made a mistake. It's not a bad thing that you've had a conflict. We want to know how you've been able to deal with that situation in the workplace in a way that's you know still creating good team environment and gives us a good idea of how you're going to present when in industry as well. So and this could be you know during working in the project it could be in your part-time jobs. That's why having part-time jobs a really good you know is a good experience to have because you're able to use specific examples for these behavioral questions. , so a really great way to format your behavioral answers is using the style method. For those who haven't heard about the style method, it stands for situation, task, action, and results. , so situation, describe your working situation, task that you were assigned to do, the action that you did, and then the results. So this is a really good format to set your example from start to end and makes it clear for the interviewer as well. With technology we can use AI, we can use chat GBT to help you prep for your behavioral questions or you know prepping for an interview. But again the key words prepping and guiding you. So for example, you know, I went into chat GBT and I just wrote, "Hi, my name's Amy. I work at McDonald's. I need to answer a question on how I dealt with the conflict at work. " and this was the first thing it shot through to me. Basically sent me to Star Method immediately and gave me this breakdown. So for those who may not understand the breakdown, this is a good way to show you. So a situation at McDonald's, there was situation where two workers disagree. How to handle customer special requests. This lead to some tension and confusion during a busy ship. The task I need to step in to help resolve conflict quickly so the team could stay focused and maintain excellent customer service action. I calmly approached both co-workers and listen to their perspectives without taking sides. Suggested a compromise based on McDonald's policy while also considering the customer's need. Helped guide them through the solution ensuring people understood their role handling the request. The result their conflict was resolved quickly. Customers needs were met. The team felt more cohesive and the shift ran smoothly without further issues and make sure the followup. So this is you know it's a decent example but able explains how you know to break down the style method. Now this answer is not really the best and that's why we want you to use it to guide you not memorize and not you know take it word by word. So the reason why this answer is not really the best is that it's not really realistic of how a typical graduate naturally speaks in an interview. So you can ask CHP to help you refine the answer like you know if they it comes up with that say make it sound more natural or use complex words and use it to guide you. Don't memorize this and then come into an interview and try memorizing it. Because that's not that's not going to work and it's not going to flow naturally. Because you know graduates aren't speaking you know like this really realistically I mean I don't think many people speak like this in an interview so that's yeah so that's one reason and another reason is that this example explains how you resolve someone else's conflict the examples that you talk about need to involve you the conflict needs to involve you and how you're able to resolve it with that person so it can't be how you resolve someone else's or even if there's like a mistake you can't it's better to not say you know someone made a mistake and I and I fixed it. No, it needs to involve you. , so that's that's why the answer is not the best, but again, using chat GPT or AI is a really good tool to help guide you and prep you for your interviews. , so yeah, next step is a reference check. So let's say you've done your interviews with us, everything's gone really well, you've done your interview with the company, everything's gone really well. They want to progress next stages and then they will want to do reference checks. Every company will do reference checks and this is very important to think about whether you're in your final year uni, your second year, first year. , this will make or break an offer. I've been in situations where someone was offered the role pending reference checks and they had a bad referee or bad reference and the offer was revoked. So, these are things to reflect on at the moment in your current part-time roles and your extracurricular activities. , you're referencive right now. What are they going to say about you? So examples of references you need to have is a direct manager, direct supervisor, a trainer or senior person. So these are types of referees that we're looking for. If you can't provide a manager or someone that can you know talk about your performance, it will come across as a red flag because you know everyone has a manager, everyone has supervisor, why can't they comment on how you work? It would just seem a little bit dodgy. , obviously if it's in a role that you at the moment that you don't want to let them know you're leaving, that's that's understandable. It can be a coworker. , but if it's a job you've already left and you can't come up with someone that's at a more senior level than you, then that can be bit of a rigback. So these are some questions we ask in our references. So we might answer the reason why you're leaving or you left the role. , if you've already left it your position and main duties, it aligns with what you've told us. How your attendance was, your punctuality, your work ethic, the quality of work that you performed, ESL deadlines, targets you had to meet in your job and if you met them, how quickly you learn new information and techniques, how you handle high pressure and stress in the workplace, what motivates you as a person, the level of required, your communication skills working in a team, your key strengths, what can be developed on as well, your skills, if you follow safety rules on site, and if they would hire you again. So these are what's going to be asked in references and yeah just have a think about right now with your current references at the moment what would they answer to these questions? Are they going to be good answers? Are they going to be bad? Is it something that you're, you know, going to be fine with having them as a reference? And a key thing is to make sure you're always having permission from your referees that you put them down as a reference. Because sometimes we have called referees and they're like I didn't give permission to be put down as a referee for this person. I don't want to comment on their work performance. So we've had many situations where that's happened. So make sure you get permission and make sure as a referee that's going to you know say good things and just think about in every job you work at you want to leave on good terms and you want to perform well because these are going to be important with an offer. Again I clients and managers have revoked offers based on referees even if you were the perfect candidate for the job but then day I understand that's a very unnatural situation being an interview but being yourself is the best thing so making sure that you're still prep technically prep behaviorally but still being yourself you know come in with a smile show your personality they want to see authenticity they don't want to see someone coming in with a script trying to be the perfect candidate. Because at the end of the day, you know, a client might even just pick you based on your personality and how you came across. I've had situations where I've put, you know, couple candidates for a job, two people had the perfect experience, exactly the look, what they're looking for, and I put someone in who had transferable experience, but came across just really beautiful in terms of their who their personality was, and they end up picking that candidate. So at the end day be yourself because that's what's going to sell you and you know your person could be well put for that team better. So don't be memorizing things still prepare but yeah be yourself. So that's pretty much it. Well I've got a bit more but at this point if you're not a science student happy for you guys to pop off at the moment but the rest of the slides will be bit more catered towards science. So yeah I'll just continue on this but you want to say something? , Linda before we continue I just wanted to also share my experience sitting with the industry partners who are offering the internship position to our computing science students. So I just want to share their actually voice. So according to this industry supervisors who are offering the internship which could provide a potential part-time full-time job to the students student I believe like we need to bring that you know mindset to the career where we are start searching for the career for example for the role that you are going to apply you need to search for the company, you need to read from their website, you need to prepare, you need to do a bit of a study and be you know just being aware of their values, their vision, do you know? So these are some key tasks that you need to do before you start you know for example drafting your cover letter or applying for the role. So according to the industry supervisors like at the end of the day let's say for the internship there are few students are going to potentially being invited to stay there and there are not the one just necessarily coming with a high achieved score. Of course there are the good you know students meet the eligibility to start the internship but what they want is the candidate is going to be pleased to work with. >> So the one that it can be a best fit to their team. So the one that is coming with a positive attitude and bring that willing to learn and shine at work providing a good environment to other team member and I still be able to tackle with the daily weekly tasks. So I guess that's why as an educator here in a university we keep offering our students that your okay your priority is your unit your assignment the exam but beyond that there are a lot of opportunities for you to contribute. There are a lot of opportunity for you to select a mentor >> to discuss and to practice. Nothing is going to magically happen. >> So if you struggle with your communication, if you think that your team work or if you think that the group assignment didn't work. So of course what Linda offer here is coming to the nature of your daily, weekly, monthly task during your study. So here in this slide she offer be yourself. It means you have plenty of example during your study, during your volunteer job at university, during your part-time job, during you know a group assignment. And so you should have a lot of example to come with the STAR methods and then share to the and then the industry can recognize you were actually a very active students beyond your study contributes attend in networking events and a lot of opportunities offer. So I know that is challenging. We are all overwhelmed with the many of the tasks but that is the reality of our life. Now it's more competitive to five years ago to 10 years ago and that's why you are going to come up with something that it can help them to choose you among all the candidates they have. Thank you Linda. >> No thank you so much. Yes. No exactly that's perfectly put. So yeah, no, you got to it's just beyond your beyond your studies. You got to put in effort to develop your own skills. If you can identify any sort of weaknesses about yourself, that's where you know got to put yourself outside your comfort zone. Take part in your communication skills. Do those extra activities and you'll have plenty of examples to present in an interview. I think someone for resume wise should we list our work experience as star method or should we just list what we have done for a role? Just list what you've done in your role. So in your resume just put a bullet point of your main duties and your responsibilities. The star method will come into play when you're in your interview and prepping for your interviews. Okay cool. Okay so next slide. So just a bit about you know evolve specifically. So I guess in terms of you know partnering with us or as a science graduate. So with evolve every consultant has a very similar background to myself. So we're all degree qualified or already worked in industry and often we've done the roles we're actually recruiting for. So we know what's going to be like in the industry. We know what it's going to be like in the roles. We know exactly how it's felt like being a science graduate and find struggling to find a role and being your first interviews. , so we're able to use our personal experience, our technical knowledge to provide, you know, really good service for not just you guys, but also our clients as well. We know exactly what they're looking for, the type of students looking for, graduates looking for and exact skills. So, when you're talking about specific skills you've done in your degree, we know what you're talking about. , so make sure you have a good understanding and we work on all sorts of roles. So not just entry- level roles for graduates, also senior roles, executive positions. So you know, you might have already, you know, done you maybe got the first job and you've worked and then you want to find the next opportunity. We can help with that as well. And we've actually some of our candidates we work with, we've actually placed them in every role they've been in and they've become managers. So we work across all sorts of yeah, all sorts of roles. So again, just ringing, you know, we've all come from a similar background. So I've got you know the biochem degree worked in lab worked in food and manufacturing my colleagues have worked in pharmaceuticals they've worked in food as well my own our own director she's a PhD in chemistry so everyone from you know us as recruiters but also upper management come from science backgrounds so we have a good understanding of yourselves and also our clients and again just going through the benefits why that's important is that we understand you our candidates and our clients so you know we always with you guys we always want going to put you into a job that you're going to develop in that's actually catered to your preferences. We're not going to put you into a job that's just, you know, just to fill a job on our end. We're going to make sure that we're putting you into a role that's actually going to add value to your career, your goals. , something you're going to stay in long term and actually gain some good experience that's, you know, that's fulfilling for yourself. , and these are some examples of roles that we work on for graduates. So, these are some examples of companies that we do work with at the moment. So psychotech they're a radio pharmace company echo pharmaceuticals you know they do the QV lotions creams riotinto so mining industry cel of course big pharmaceutical company based you know broad meadows tarine fisa with them Coca-Cola as Ross Laboratories which is cosmetics n like NMI national measurement institute they're a government company so these are some examples of companies that we work with across all sectors and these are all just based in Melbourne. But obviously we work with a lot more companies based in other states too. And we typical graduate roles is like lab technicians, lab assistants, QA officers, QC analysts, microbiologists, sampling analysts, chemists. So all sorts of roles within the industry. Like I mentioned earlier, look, I'll be honest at the moment the market is a bit quiet right now for graduates, but a lot of roles we know are coming through. Companies are getting projects getting approved. Something is coming through the pipeline. So rest assured, I know this year has been a bit tough for graduates, but we've got roles coming through and it is highly competitive. So again, that's why prepping for your interviews is really good to stand, you know, stand out from the crowd amongst everyone else who's applying that are also graduates too. And I would always recommend for you guys to be flexible. As a graduate, you want to just be a go-getter. You want to be able to do the shifts and do the hard yards at the moment just to get that experience. So be willing to, you know, , do a basic role. You might have an idea of wanting to do, you know, this testing and this when really realistically in industry, you're going to do the really basics. And that could just be even sampling putting the samples in, putting them into different containers. Just even just basic like that, but you have to just still putting 100% to prove yourself in a role because there might be opportunities to move into a different team. There might be opportunities to, you know, have your contract extended. So, you still want to put in that 100% be punctual, attend each, you know, go into work every day. Even if it's just a really basic role because at a graduate you just want to be able to gain any experience and prove yourself as well. So this is a thing for anyone who may still be studying that we do who may still go be going to masters next year or who may be in their second year at the moment. We do a evolution program that we present to all our clients. So this is an opportunity for current students to get paid industry work. This is during like could be during your summer break, it could be just you know on call during the semester. And we work with many companies. So last year just two examples of companies we work with who to partake in this program was Coca-Cola and Agri Food. They took on a graduate within the summer break they worked full-time and then during their third year this year they've just been on course. So this is an opportunity for anyone who's still studying where clients do take on students and this is paid employment as well. You get a bit of experience even if it's maybe not your you know maybe if let's say you're doing a biomed degree and the client who's is Coca-Cola even though you know you may not be going want to go into food and after you finish and graduate at least you'll be getting some lab experience and getting a taste of industry as well if it's something that you want to pursue or you want to pursue academia and research. So this is something for current students who are still studying that can partake and it's an opportunity for you guys as well. So not just for graduates too. So how to register with evolve and be part of our you know our database register by sending through your email or your resumes to this email address. So the first email general one that goes to all the recruiters here in the Melbourne office and this is my direct email. So linda more evolvecientific. Com. Au. Happy for you guys to send through your resumes directly to me or the Melbourne inbox. , and then we can get you registered and interviewed ready to go. , and then if you are open to other states or wanting to move, , we have offices in Adelaide, Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth, and then Singapore as well if you guys are open to seeing your resumes through them. , and that's pretty much it in terms of my presentation. Yeah, >> thank you so much, Linda. I guess I have one last question for you. Among all these opportunities I think a lot of our students let's say if they're coming from close to the end before graduation during the capstone projects that they we run across different disciplines or if we have master students so they might looking for the graduate you know positions you said that there are limited positions How are we going to set our alerts, profile alerts to find these type of positions or they coming directly search for those opportunities through the for example your recruitment agency or is there any strategy to target those position? Look, >> we don't really have like alert systems with our agency. Would be the best way would be to get you registered and we would let you know or having the alert because all our jobs are advertised on seek and seek has an alert system that you can put in a search for you know science roles and then the locations like Melbourne and you can save that and that will alert you with jobs every time a new job's posted. So that would be probably the best way or us being in contact with us and us keeping in mind before we even advertise a role. Yeah. >> And for the local students this is an opportunity for them to have a global experience. Let's say you have an agency in Singapore. You said like there are position outside Australia that you could support for our students. >> All right, that's good. So I guess yeah, so I think that was a that was something new to me. So it's good to know that we can reach out to you and have that global experience. So sometimes that bring us >> back to the country and then we can come up with you know a positions back in Australia. So I guess I was a part of a workshop in sik and that was a session where I learned how different states might have fun positions. So there are some trends around the positions that if you don't have any you know position here in Melbourne can you suggest something like in the other states or somewhere that they can you know look for a job or it is just cover the jobs and position in Melbourne. >> well no yes. So if you go into seek and you're looking for jobs, you can put different states and areas. So you don't have to put Melbourne, you could be Sydney. Even on our website, there is also a filtering system for the areas of where the jobs are located as well. If let's say you come in for an interview with us as well and you tell us, you know, I'm open to opportun and Brisbane, we will actually send your resume through to the to the offices there and just say, hey, just a heads up. I've just interviewed this really great candidate. They're open to opportunities as well. They're happy to relocate within, you know, a week or two, whatnot for the job. So, we have constant communication with all the other officers, too. Yeah. >> All right. All right. So, this is just to wrap up. Okay. I can see we have Ten's raise hand. So, I'm going to stop this wrap up. Ten, do you want to share your question before we finish? >> hi, Linder. Yep. Thank you so much for your sharing and thank and kai for organizing this. Thank you so much for joining us. Are you from coming from Sydney? >> Yep. I'm just calling just from the Sydney right now. So >> yep. So Halinda. So just a bit about myself. So currently I'm doing the masters and also from I work from Swimburn. So because doing the master so I still have some time to find out more the part-time job. So I already tried to apply some part time from evil that when they advertise like on sick but because on sick they didn't show much of the information about the company about the working hours stuff. So sometime I really want to contact the company to ask more about that but I think >> all the all the information is hidden so is there any way like for example you want to see how the company look like and whether we match with the position or not. Yeah. >> Yeah. Look, I think the best way because with our ad as we don't mention company native for the confidentiality reasons just we can't disclose that. The best way if someone hasn't given you a call, I would just suggest calling the office number. And just asking a bit of they most likely won't give the company name but they will give you a bit more details on what they're manufacturing, the working hours, a bit more details. Because we don't really disclose company names until you're further shorted just based off the rules that they have unless they unless they're happy for us to share the names then we would openly share it. But yeah the best way we just to try call the office directly just to get a bit more information if you're wanting a bit more of a faster process. Yeah. >> Yep. That would be great. Thank you. Yeah. And as I mentioned like sometime when I open the six the position is already applied by 200 or 100 people. So yeah, I know it's it's kind of really overwhelming. You can just lay for that. So yeah. >> Yeah. No. Yeah, I understand. It's very competitive at the moment, but we will go through application. >> Yeah. >> Yep. Yep. Sure. Yep. And by the way, like because you just show your email at the end for the contact. So if because I apply from this the Sydney brand, so if I just send through that, you just transfer to the Sydney brand. >> Yeah, I can definitely do that. So yeah, if you want to send it through to me, I'll set you up in the system and then pass it on to Sydney team. >> Yep. >> Yep. Awesome. Yep. Thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you. >> All right. I just want to come up to this end. Thank you so much, , Linda Caroline. , I think what we could offer here just stay connected, stay informed, and stay engaged. So, and I know that sometimes you think that you're overwhelmed with this many attacks, but at the end if you come and believe me, we did the same thing. That's why I'm sitting here today in my office and I enjoy my job offering this service and this information to you. So work hard and at the same time enjoy and wish you all the best if you have any question. We have a lot of competitions events networking please reach out so we can offer you and that could provide an evidence of what you've done during your study. And with this we come to the end. Thank you so much. >> Thank you everyone.