All right. Hello everyone. Welcome. I'd like to start off by thanking everyone so much for being here. We all really appreciate the time that you're taking out of your day to come and listen to all of us chat. So yeah, we really hope that you enjoy this session. We're here at the Design for Change 2023 pitch presentation workshop. So we're really excited to jump into it. My name is Julia. I'm one of Swimburn's Adobe digital coaches. We also have the wonderful bea here who is running the design for change competition. And we have the amazing Emily who is a entrepreneur and business owner and she's going to be talking to you today about the pitch presentations. Before we jump into the rest of the program I'd like to make an acknowledgement of country. We respectfully acknowledge the Waranderie people of the Cooland nation who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's eastern and outer east and we'd like to pay our respect to their elders past, present and emerging. We'd also like to acknowledge and pay respect to the traditional owners of lands all across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. And we acknowledge that sovereignty was never seated. Okay. So today, as we've said, we are here at the pitch presentation workshop. So first of all, BEA is going to run through some of the key dates that you need to know about. So make sure that you've got your notepads ready to take any notes of any important dates. And then Emily will chat about the pitch presentations. And then finally, we will finish up this session with a Q&A. So before we get started, if you've got any questions, either pop those in the chat or keep them in mind for the Q&A at the end. I'll ask if everyone can please keep their cameras and microphones off during the presentation just because it can get a bit noisy otherwise. And we really hope that you enjoy the session. So with that, I'll hand over to BEA to get started. >> Thank you so much. Julia, I guess I want to keep this very short because we keep repeating this design for change as our annual competition to enhance students communication skills. And of course we want to acknowledge those students coming with a you know a innovative idea to unpack the challenges. So this is aligned with our vision to make a the world a better place to live. So we have our fantastic industry partner working on this project. The and Emily is part of the insurance Australia group. So they have a vision of making the world a safer place to live. So if you have an innovative idea, if you have a mobile application or a website or any digital prototype as your design you know as your you know that the prototype design and you would like to offer that to this competition design for change 2023 which is going to be hosted by the women's in STEM club and us a group of academic at Swimburn you're welcome to join us if this is your first workshop you're attending or you're watching this recording so for just go directly to the point that what is the product that we are aiming to receive. So you are going to of course design your digital prototype and you're going to pitch it and that's why today you're going to learn some of the principle of how you actually communicate your idea or your design how you pitch it as an entrepreneur. So that video of like that is going to be recorded in a 4m minute video. I leave that to Emily so she's going to discuss about that. But this is the 4minute video is the entry to the design for change competition. Of course for similar to any competition we have a judging panel. We have a judging criteria. This is going to be shared as an additional sources as always along with this recording. And then this is going to be the way that your 4m minute video is going to be showcased. So we had we already covered the Adobe XD. We already discussed about the we had the Adobe rush and today we have a startup pitch presentation. So if you're interested to participate as a competitors or even as an audience maybe this is something that you want you want to plan for next year. So I guess you just if you want to attend as a competitors please send us your idea the outline of your idea it could be about 300 words maximum and to myself. So my email address is there and your 4minut video needs to be submitted to me by 29th of May. So if this is your assessment just go beyond your assessment your unit and submit your form video. The selected videos are going to be showcased on 1st of June and what is going to be achieved. The winner is going for 4 minute video is going to receive 400 box and the certificates of participation is going to be handed and this is going to be a credit for you as an emerging leaders program. If you don't know about that please contact me I'll explain and the story of your success is going to be published. People around the campus, the community are going to be hear about your creative design. And I think that bring us to the end of this my presentation and please contact me for any details that you need. Now I would like to pass to Emily to cover the pitch presentation which is the aim of this workshop. Thank you so much Emily. I let you to introduce yourself. Thanks. Thanks, Peter. Firstly, I'll start by saying it's incredible to see how many people here are interested in learning about entrepreneurship and how to pitch an idea because it's not something that comes naturally to a lot of people. It is something that takes a bit of practice and as I'll show you today, there is quite a good tried and tested method that has been used in the past that hopefully you can use in your presentations for the competition. And 400 bucks. That's amazing. I don't think I've been in a cash competition before. So, that's great. I will share my screen. We'll just start with this title slide. So, today I'll be talking to you all about how to pitch your startup idea and there are a few different things involved with that, but I'll be leveraging some of my own experiences and taking you through some of the pitch packs that I have used in the past. Great. Okay. So, let's start with the basics. What is a pitch? Well, it's a way to communicate and convince others that your idea is worth backing. , usually this is when startups are looking for investment to provide much neededed seed funding, but it can also be used when trying to convince industry experts or partners to jump on board with your idea. Or in your case, it might be to showcase to a panel of judges that your idea has potential as part of a competition. So what I've put on this slide is what it should be and what it should not be. What it should be is short and concise and it delivers a story. It really should define the problem. Which we'll go into in a little bit in this presentation. It should be engaging and it should spark interest so people actually want to know more. What it should not be is an opportunity for you to share every concept or feature that you can think of. It shouldn't be boring or contenheavy and it certainly shouldn't be confusing. So, as I mentioned, this shouldn't be a full demonstration of the product or services. , you don't even need to have all the answers in your pack, but you do need to be able to communicate your why and your approach and your next steps. It's also a way to show investors and partners who you are. Why should they trust what you're telling them and why should they want to work with you? Remember, most of the time you're pitching to someone completely new who has no idea what you're trying to achieve. And it's easy to fall into a trap as a startup founder to assume that people are on the same path as you or that they understand your vision, especially when you're thinking about it all day every day. It's very easy to fall into that trap. So that's a high level overview of what is a pitch. Slide three. Great. And I'm going to need some clicking through this. So I'll tell you when beta. So all of the companies that we know and love today started somewhere. And some of those big brands would have used similar techniques to the ones that I'm going to cover today. So I thought we'd start with a bit of an activity. I've got three different companies and what I've shown here is the first sort of three or four slides that are part of their initial pitch presentation. And what we're going to do is we're going to see if we can pick what those companies are. See if we can identify those companies. So, we'll start with this one. The problem is that price is an important concern for customers booking travel online. Hotels leave you disconnected from the city and its culture. There. There's no easy way currently to book a home with a local or become a host. The solution is a web platform where users can rent out their space to host travelers. Okay, we might have to just leave this activity. But what I'll do is I'll share the pack with you after the session and if you have time go in and check it out. It's quite an interesting insight into how these companies initially started with an idea. They defined the problem. They didn't even mention what the solution was until a little bit further down in the pack. And then it meant that the investors and the audience are really getting the story. They're really understanding what is the problem. Well, at the moment there's no easy way to book a home with a local or become a host. That shows that there is an opportunity there. That is not yet tapped into. You can probably guess feel free to put it in the chat if you've already guessed what this one is. The next slides really give it away, but I'll let you see if anyone can get this one from just the first slide. Great. So who am I? Well, as Peter mentioned, I work at IH, which is Australia, New Zealand's largest general insurer, and I am in the technology side of the business. So essentially we're looking at all the platforms that underpin the insurance businesses. So any claims portals or anything that stores documents for our customers and all of that good stuff. So very much in the tech space. I'm a massive women in technology advocate and very excited to be aligning with Swimburn going forward. But I'm also a mobile coffee van owner. So about four years ago, I decided I'd like to start exploring what it would be like to run my own business. And I thought that a good way to do that, a sort of easier barrier to entry for starting a business would be a mobile coffee van. So I bought a vintage caravan, I converted it, and I ran that for about four years. And during that time, I recognized that there was a problem in the industry, which we'll go into a bit later, which caused me to found Coffee Van Collective. And that's the pitch that I'll be taking you through today. So, I've done two pitch competitions this year. I've won one of them and I've been runner up in the other one with this pitch. So, I really hope that the content in here will help you in your forming your pitches for the competition. So format and structure. Now I just wanted to provide with a good set of topics that are going to be necessary when doing a pitch. If you are doing a video pitch, you can still use this same format and structure. It is useful to have a set of PowerPoint slides as a visual to aid you. Obviously, as we've learned today, test your PowerPoint slides. , I've had to log in with a different browser, which is why it's probably caused some issues. , so having the PowerPoint slide is fantastic. And I do think that if it's a video, you can actually record your PowerPoint in the presentation itself and then submit that. That's probably what I would do. But this here is a structured way of telling your story to the judges. So, we'll start with a title slide. , and we'll go into just some details on what each of these slides should look like. Start with the title slide. We'll then go into the vision. We'll very clearly define the problem statement. And then we go into the target market. So, who are we actually solving this problem for? And then, and only then, do we start talking about our idea and what we've what we've actually come up with to combat that problem. It's quite common for people to jump in and want to tell their idea or their solution straight away, but I cannot tell you how important it is to set that context and really engage your audience before jumping into the solution. Some of the other things then we could include is the competition. So, how do you sit within the competition that's out there? And another thing that the investors or judges will want to know is your business model. So how do you plan to actually make money from this idea? Or if it's a charitable enterprise for example, how are you going to keep it sustainable? Number eight is track. So it's actually a good idea to showcase what traction you have had. Normally this means, you know, have you had anyone sign up to your app? But if you're in the initial idea stage, it might be something more like how many people have you know clicked on an ad that you've done on Facebook for example. Number nine is the team. So it's always important to showcase who you are and why your skills are going to bring this idea to life. And then finally, we've got the ask. So, it's always important to be very clear about what you're asking for, and we'll go into that at the end. , I mean, for all of you, it's probably $400 and a certificate and getting that win, but there's also other things you might ask for like networking or some advisory, for example. So, we're going to look at the title side first. And what I've done is, as I mentioned, I've used an a pitch that I did this year. I've taken the slides and I've put them into this pack as an example of what you could do. Now, I don't claim that this is absolutely 100% perfect, but I like to think that I gave it a good crack. , and actually the link that you clicked on beta earlier is a set of some example pictures that you could also go to get some ideas. So, title slide. Now, this should be very simple. It should introduce your company or your idea. It should have your name on it because you want the judges to make sure that from the get-go they actually can reference your concept with who you are. And you want some sort of imagery, whether that's a logo or whether it's just an engaging image. You might not have a logo yet for your company or idea, but that's okay. Just make sure that on this slide it's engaging. It's well formatted and you've got sort of a theme or a color scheme to it as well which you should then continue throughout the rest of the presentation. So the vision now this is really just a 10 seconds oneliner to engage your audience. You want to give a quick overview of the business for context setting and actually setting out what it is that you are trying to achieve without going into details on the solution. So this is what I put in mind. Coffee van collective is a software solution to simplify the operations of the mobile vending community and to facilitate bookings with event organizers. So while it doesn't actually lay out exactly that it's a web application where you can go and you can search and you can do these things, it speaks to what the platform or the application is trying to achieve. It's trying to simplify the way that the mobile vending community is managing their dayto-day. And so this is just an example. I actually used an image there of one of my one of my networks. So Kathy who owns a vintage coffee van in Dandongs actually. So if you're ever out in the Dandongs, go and see Kathy. She's great. And you know through coffee vanive we aim to support people like Kathy. So this really you know draws in the judges or the audience because they can see real people and real life examples. So I actually then jumped into and this isn't on the topics list but I always think it's important in a pitch to just give a brief overview at the start of who you are. So at the end of the pitch we'll go into who the team is, why we have the right skills, but I always think right at the start it's useful just to give a bit of context on you know hi I'm beta I've create I have decided to join this competition because of XY Z and it really then sets with the judges a little bit of trust with you as well. So for me I wanted to showcase to the judges the history that I have in this industry. So, I've put here that in 2018, I started a mobile coffee business and I actually grew my network with over 5,000 other vendors across Australia. And since then, I've done things like monthly webinars. I'm starting a podcast. So, that kind of shows to them that I'm someone that has a bit of legitimacy in this concept or in this field. So, then we can go into the problem. And the problem really should describe why your target customers or users are frustrated with the current solutions. Why do you care? Do not include your solution here. Try and be succinct and avoid buzzwords. For example, this is going to be a gamecher in the industry or this is the Airbnb of hotel bookings. You know, we need to make sure that it's authentic. And also that the problem can have some of sway with the audience. This can be really hard because you might have created an app or an idea that actually has no relevance to the judges or the audience that you're pitching to. So let's say for example you've created an app to help people with multiple scerosis. There may be people in the audience who have had some experience with that themselves or they may have never experienced that. So it's a little bit harder for them to relate. So in the problem statement it is really useful to back it up with facts which means you will have to do some research into what the problem really is. And I'm sure when you've all been thinking about your design for change ideas, you've been doing a little bit of research or hopefully a lot of research into what is currently out there, what's currently not out there, and what problems exist out in the world that you are hoping to solve for. Great to get some stats of things like the Bureau of Statistics and try and put some legitimacy around it with some numbers. I should have mentioned if anyone has any questions as we go through, please do put them in the chat and I'll answer them as we go through. Okay, so this is an example of the slide that I did. So the problem statement that I was trying to relay is that the increased costs and complexities of running a mobile trading business cause stress, frustration and financial troubles to emerging and existing vendors. And the main culprit of that was finding a trading site and managing your bookings. And I've put here that the current options are slow, ineffective, and clunky. , and on this slide, I've really tried to highlight that it's it's a genuine problem for people doing their dayto-day. This problem statement is backed up by a lot of validation work. So, I'm not too sure how into the process you all are, but when you're pulling together your pitch, you'll need to ensure that you're doing some validation on your idea. What we did in this scenario is we actually went out and I interviewed all of a lot of people in the coffee van community to get their understanding of what things really bug them during their dayto-day. , I wanted to validate the problem actually existed. And this is probably the biggest thing that actually quashes good ideas is that you think it's you think it's a fantastic idea. You've done all your research. All of the websites are telling you there's a problem, but when you go out and speak to your customers, they don't think it's a problem. And those people are the ones that'll be paying for your product. So if it's a big problem for you and you can feel that it needs some change, you need to ensure that the market is ready for it, that you are in you're launching your app or your product in the right place and that you have people that once you do launch your product will be ready to sign up and ready to start paying you. So that takes us onto the target market. So we've talked about what the problem is and this problem might be quite wide reaching. I in my problem statement I talked about mobile vendors holistically that means you know coffee vans, food trucks, people at a fate or a fair but what we really want to do here in this next slide is say our idea is going to solve this problem for XY Z. And you want to avoid defining your target market as large as possible. It's a trap that a lot of people fall into. They think that investors want to know that their idea is going to solve, you know, the world, but that's incredibly hard to actually implement. And finding a target market that is not yet doesn't yet have a solution for it and is very willing to get involved is the real key here. So you have to remember as well that your target market is not always your end user. So let's take that multiple scerosis concept that I talked about earlier. You may be creating an app for someone with a disability who may or may not be the person paying for that product. It may be a family member a partner or it might be them themselves. But it's important to just differentiate who your target market is. Let's take a good example of an app that helps children between the ages of 3 to eight. The children are not your target market. The parents are your target market. They're the people who are paying for the app. They're the ones who'll be probably, you know, downloading it onto the iPad or whatever it is. And they're the ones who ultimately can switch it off and unsubscribe if they don't feel it's adding value. So your target market should be or where your opportunity is to succeed. It's also quite important on this slide to talk about the demographic demographics of your target market. So if you think that you know parents of kids aged between 3 to 8, they might be between the ages of I don't know 25 to 45. And it's quite good to just make that distinction so that you can try and add some numerical value to it. So you could then go at the Bureau of Statistics and say well in Australia there are X number of people who have children between the ages of 25 to 35 for example or 25 to 45 whatever I said. So that's just a good tip and this slide is really where you tell the story about the scope and the scale of the problem. So, this is how I tackled it. And let's bear in mind that it's often very hard to really identify what the market size is. , I admittedly I probably could have done a bit more on this slide about the actual demographic. I think putting something on here around the personalities or the demographics of the people I'm trying to reach would have been a bit more powerful. So perhaps I could have put something around, you know, most coffee van owners work six days a week. Like that's that's a stat that you have to go and validate. But it's quite powerful. It shows that these people are very hardworking. They're passionate. And at the moment it's frustrating for them in the industry. But the way that I actually val valued this market size is I went to a Facebook group that I'm a part of. I said, "Okay, well, there's around 2,400 members in this. I'm going to make some assumptions here. Do a few calculations. " And I've estimated that there's over 625,000 bookings being made every year, which currently are being done in very laborious, inefficient ways. And there's an opportunity here to tackle this market. So once you have set that context, once you have drawn in the audience, you've got them to really understand that hey there's a problem here. And this problem is not currently being solved for or maybe it is being solved for but it's not very effective. Then we can look at the solution. So the solution is you know what you all want to jump into when you first start talking about your idea. It should describe your product or service and how customers will be using your product or service. , and why are you the one solving the problem as well. Make sure you're clear on how it addresses the problems that you've outlined in the slides above. , and it's also quite important to show that your business has differentiation u between other businesses out there as well. So, this is where you can actually use things like photos, screenshots, or prototypes of your app and actually take a little snippet of it and put it on the slide. , I don't know how familiar any of you are with a software such as Figma, but it's a really good free tool that you can use to sort of drag and drop and just create a very crude version of what your concept or app might look like when it's finished. So, let's be clear here. We don't need to have a fully functional app to win a pitch competition. We need to show that we have a good idea. , and actually, if you do have a fully functional app, you've probably spent a lot of money creating it. , and you don't have any revenue yet. So, this is where we leverage things like Figma. So, if we go into the next slide, you'll see here on the right, , I don't know about you, but I think that looks like a website. So, that's not a real website. That is something that I created in that tool, Figma. I just took some images that I had in my database and I've changed some things on the page and I've made it look like, hey, if I were to create this web application, this is what it would look like. It would be a holistic support network for the coffee van community to come to. It's a search engine and booking platform similar to other platforms out there that are very successful in other industries such as hotel bookings. , and it's somewhere where members can actually come manage their bookings and also access member benefits. And one of the real things that's adding value from my product is that it's transparency and security for both the vendor and the hirers. So that's telling my audience this is the value that my customers are getting out of the product that I've built. And I've also added some just another slide here with some highle graphics around. And by creating a platform like this, we can really harness the power of the collective. I will note that the graphics shouldn't look like that. I think the formatting's changed slightly because of the PowerPoint issues. So again, another reason to check your PowerPoints. But this is telling us that through the web application we can access supplier discounts, sustainability initiatives and we can capture data that is not available elsewhere. You'll notice on this slide that there's only three images and about six words. You don't need to have a 100 words on the slide. And actually, it's more powerful to be able to talk to this slide in a way that people can just get the information without having to be distracted by everything else on the page. So, we're we're getting into the latter part of the pitch deck. What I would say is if you are pushed for time and if you are pushed for I'm not sure how this competition what the rules are in the competition but sometimes you are limited by the number of slides you're allowed to have as well. If you're limited by the number of slides I would focus on the first four or five. These other ones are still important but less important than the first ones that really define the problem and the solution. So this next slide is about the competition. So you want to be able to show firstly that you've thought about what else is out there in the world that has been created that could potentially you know undercut you because you've you've taken too long or yours is too expensive. So have a think and do some research on what's out there. It's important to remember that it doesn't always matter if there are similar products out there. And this could actually help your case if it proves that the concept is working successfully elsewhere. Now, a good example of this is Car Next Door. , I can't see any of your faces, but if you've ever used Car Next Door in Victoria, , you may know that they got acquired last year by Uber , for an undisclosed amount, which always means a hell of a lot of money. , but they actually first got their idea when they were traveling in Europe and they saw the concept being rolled out in Europe and they realized, hey, we don't have this in Australia and it doesn't look like these other companies are planning to come to Australia and roll it out. So, why don't we do a car sharing app in Australia and I believe they started with a niche with a very small suburb in Melbourne. They started with that niche and then they expanded and expanded in Australia and now they've just been bought by Uber. So that's pretty cool. So I like to use that example as a way to show that it's okay if there's other products out there, but you really need to demonstrate why your product would be better and potentially customers would use your product over another. So, one way that I think you can do this is something like this. And I don't know if anyone's used a matrix like this before, but essentially you can highlight where there are other items out there are other products out there, but they may be more expensive and then you would put that on the right hand side of the table or they might have very low functionality. Like an example here is that you know we've got Facebook. People are using Facebook for coffee van bookings which is free essentially but it's very low functionality. They can't actually search and do all of this stuff. It's just trying to post on a Facebook group if you need a coffee van. So where coffee van collective sits is in that top left quadrant which is its low cost and its high functionality. And I've also highlighted there the UVP which is the unique value propositions that Coffee Van Collective provides against all the other products in the market. So that's important as well. Think about how your app or your idea is unique to other items that are out there or other products that are out there. Right? The business model. Now this can be challenging. It's it's probably the hardest part of a pitch because once you have your idea, it's very easy to explain what you want to do. It's quite hard to explain how you're going to do it and how you're going to make money from it. So, this should business model slide should talk to how are you driving revenue? , do you have a membership structure? Do you have a commission that you're taking from your customers? What do you charge? And you know what are your estimated expenses throughout the year? You know, if you if you only charge a dollar a month for your product, but it's costing you a $150 to make that or to run that product, then you'll be losing money. That's a simple example, but you do need to make sure that you put that information in as high level as you need it to be. Doesn't need to be down to the nth degree, but it's good for investors and judges to see that you've thought about how you plan to keep this running across 5 to 10 years. Let's bear in mind that you're all building an app which most startups take 3 to 5 years to even get any revenue or any traction. So, you probably don't want to be putting into your slide that you're going to be making thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars in the first year. , but maybe you are. Maybe your idea is so fantastic that you'll be selling it straight off the blocks. This is how I showed the business model. I talk about the fact that in the initial stages of the business, I'm just using a very simple no code platform to validate the idea and to get some first users. So that means it's very cheap for me to run the business in the first couple years. And it means that I should turn a profit in around two and a half years time. And then later down the track by year four we will start looking at additional revenue streams. So that's quite important to put on the slide. What's your future plan? You know don't just think about the next year. Think about the opportunities in the future. Are there any other markets you could go into? Other customer segments you could target? Potentially you might want to go abroad and start trading in America or in the UK. Those are things that you can put on this business model slide. And at the bottom there I've just done a highle timeline on what we plan to do. So we're going to you know get some branding. Then we're going to build a low code platform, design a bit of a plan and you know seek investment and then scale traction. As I mentioned, a lot of you might not have traction at the beginning. , but it's something that we want to at least show that we've thought about. So, if you've got some revenue in your back pocket, if anyone has started paying for your app, put it on this slide. , if you've got some media coverage, maybe you've had people that have filled out a survey for you that have promised that they would love to use the app when it's when it's available. Bear in mind that people love to tell you that they'll use your app. And also bear in mind that your family and friends do not count. You if your mom tells you that your idea is amazing, you cannot use that as gospel that it's going to be a successful product. , but try and do some legitimate validation of your idea and put some of that traction in this view. And I'll give you some tips on the next slide. So this was the traction slide that I pulled together. I put some stats in here around the people that I interviewed. , good little tip for you. , you didn't hear it from me, but if you only interview a small group of people, use a percentage. So, 96% of interviewees said that they would use this product, it has a lot more weight than saying nine out of 10 people said they would use this product. 96%. That's huge. Nine people. Nah. So, make sure you've thought about that. And the other tip I would give you is utilize Google searches. So, this is actually a free tool Google Analytics. If you've never used it before, it's very simple. You can actually go in and you can find out it's it's very small on the screen, but you can see the graph there in the top right hand corner. It's showing me when someone has actually searched coffee van for hire. That's how many times someone has searched coffee van for hire in the last few months. This is showing me that there are people out there who really want to hire a coffee van on a regular basis. And this gives me that it's almost a promise of traction. , it's telling me and it's telling my audience that there could be some traction in this space. I haven't got anyone who's actually physically signed up yet, but there's some potential customers down the line from this evidence. Obviously, if you do have traction, that's amazing. , but it's not always needed. , the other thing you can put on this slide if you have it is what major goals have you achieved? So for all of you that might be something like we've formed a team, we've formed a very strong team of people with a unique skill set. We've done some in-depth research. It's basically trying to explain to the judges what you've done that's going to give you the edge. Okay, next slide. There's only a few more, so it won't take too long. The team. So why would we want to work with you and what gives you the ability to make this a success? In my case, it was a deep understanding of the industry and of the problem and the target market. But in other people's cases, it might be something like you have very strong developer skills and your ability to create an app that's going to help people is something that is very important to you. So you know, you might just want to leverage think internally. Think about what values you have and use those use those strengths that you have to highlight to the judges why you're the best person to solve this problem. You'll see here and there was an image there of myself. So just try and put an image of yourself on there as well. But the formatting's gone a bit funny. I've put there, you know, I've got over seven years experience in corporate strategy and governance, which shows that I've got some industry experience in things like management and corporate, the corporate side of things. , but I'm also a coffee van owner, so I also understand the customer's point of view as well. And I've highlighted here that I don't yet have a team. So my whole point of doing this pitch was actually not to get investment. I'm not at the point where I want investment. I'm at the point where I want smart product designers, developers, people who love the coffee van industry to join me on this journey. Next slide, please. , and then the ask. So, if you don't have time, you don't have to include this, but it's always useful to be very clear about what you're asking for. It's sort of a call to action to anyone in the audience. Doesn't have to just be the judges, but anyone to help you with something that you might need. So, I have seen people in the past do pictures where they've said, "I don't need any funding. I don't need any people to join my team. I just need you to share my business on LinkedIn. Here's a here's a link to it. Could everyone get out their phone and share my business on LinkedIn? " And that's fantastic. They're leveraging the audience. They're leveraging the opportunity to capture those people that are watching and use them in a in a nice way. Obviously no one's obliged to do anything, but it's always good to be clear around what you're asking for. So on the next slide you'll see I've just said connect with me on LinkedIn, share coffee van connect collective to your network and anyone who has a software developer or CTO chief technology officer connection put me in touch because I'm looking for a CTO very clear concise doesn't need to be you know asking the world at this point if you are looking for investment try to be clear on how much exactly you're asking for and what you plan to do with that money. , again, doesn't have to be too detailed, but just, you know, we've estimated it'll cost 50K to create a MVP of our application, which we hope to do within 12 months. , we will then start generating revenue in year two and we will see a profit by year four or five. So that's telling your investors that they'll be getting a return on their investment in year four or five and it helps them make informed decision on whether that's something they want to partake in. Okay. And then finally just a thank you slide. So if we go to the next slide, I've just put here a QR code to my LinkedIn profile. You're all welcome to connect with me on LinkedIn. , and if you have any questions, I'm happy to answer them offline as well. , but this is just a final slide to really highlight to everyone. This is who we are. This is who I am. , try and put your contact details on here if you can. And if you if you're not on LinkedIn, get on LinkedIn. It's very important. And finally, I'm just going to give you some tips or tricks that I have learned through doing these pitch these pictures in the past. So formatting matters. Ironic because my formatting's gone to today, but that's all right. , less is more. So try to put as few words on the possible on the page as possible. , that means people won't be distracted when you're pitching to them. Focus on the problem and who you are solving it for. Write a script. Now, I want to be clear here. Writing a script does not mean holding a piece of paper in your hands and reading off it with your head buried in the paper. There is nothing worse than someone doing this in a pitch. , but I find it useful to just write in a word document what I plan to say for each of the slides. , and then when I do get to that slide, I've got some things to go off. Time your script. So, I tried to time this one to about an hour. , and practice, practice, practice, practice. I always like to memorize my scripts because I don't like to spitball too much when I'm up there on the stage because quite often you're up on a stage. I like to have it quite succinct and ready to go, especially when it's only four or five minutes that you have to explain your concept. And the last thing is about eye contact, open body language, use your hands. , if you're doing a video presentation, try to keep central to the camera. Try not to move around too much. , just maybe use your hands to emphasize some of the words and, , try to put some good diction on the words as well. So, those are all things that seem easy, but when you do get into it, it can be quite challenging. , if you're all doing a video recording, that means you've got probably a few attempts to do it. So just practice and then give it a go recording it and you can always record it again. And that is my presentation. So if anyone has any questions I've just got a Q&A slide but that's that's it. Thank you so much Emily that was fantastic especially once we bring this theoretical with the practical together and as someone who is women in STEM and has and owning your business. I think that was a very enjoyable presentation. I'm sure that you had a fantastic layer of the PowerPoint which we are going to share with the audience but and the recording is going to be shared with the classes that we would like to offer. Again this was a whole package of a pitching of idea which is has a potential com you know point for commercialization but I think is at this level for the design for change I would like to con I know that Emily mentioned this so if you don't don't afraid that your idea is not mature enough to be presented with this four minute e we just want to have your idea and I know that's for some of the students you know a digital prototype is an assessment just bring your idea recorded in four minutes and unpack to the vision and a problem that is all we need so I guess is there any question from the audience for Emily concern about the time we don't have that many time but I guess that is just this beginning of how we connected so we can if you have any concern or your question about the design for change competition or if you have any question for Emily please share it with me I'm happy to support and facilitate this connection and I guess if you don't have any question that means that the session was clear enough and at this stage you don't have any questions so please just follow the instruction and practice, practice, practice. That's the best message and we wish you all the best and we hope to see you with in the live showcase of the design for change 2023. Please submit your 4minut video by 29th of May if you would like to be considered as a competitors in the competition. And again, thank you so much Emily for you know, accepting our invitation and covering this workshop. It was very informative. Thank you. >> Thank you and good luck to everyone.