# VIDEO: LIDA 2022 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-08-29

My name is Alex and I was one of the hardware developers. >> My name is Jackson Semons and I was also one of the hardware developers on the project. >> I'm Chundan and I'm the developer for this project. >> Hi, I'm Ben CK and I'm a front-end developer. >> Hi, I'm Nick French. I'm a front-end developer and we're a part of Leader, an innovative way to make composting easy and accessible to households or businesses with little to no gardening experience. In Australia, nearly 7. 6 million tons of food is wasted per year. That amounts to approximately 312 kilos per person on average. 80% of this waste is sent to landfill creating 3% of our total emissions. That's equivalent to nearly 13 million tons of carbon dioxide annually or as much as Australia's highest emitting coal fired power station. When organic waste is left to decompose in landfill, it doesn't get the properation it needs, producing methane and carbon dioxide gases. If more households composted, we would drastically reduce the waste going to landfill. But there's a catch. Typical household composting takes months to complete, often resulting in more food waste being produced than can be composted. Our client found that by optimizing the carbon to nitrogen levels of the input and using a closed in vessel system, this total composting cycle can be reduced to just 60 days. This is where Lita comes in. An invesy automated by IoT, producing a carefree, highquality composting solution for households. Lita creates a controlled environment for the food processing microorganisms to thrive in. It achieves through the automated rotation of each chamber, aviation of compost, and proper heat insulation. By expanding on the previous work of last year's students, we've been able to take our client vision even further. We've improved on the existing Arduino Raspberry Pi IoT solution with more sensors and controls, allowing us to collect more data about oxygen, carbon dioxide, methane, temperature, and moisture levels of each invers also providing the system more micromanagement control by the use of air pumps and motorized paddles. Information collected throughout the composting life cycle is uploaded to the cloud, allowing consumers to view details about the process anywhere in the world. This information is displayed on the Lita mobile app, providing real-time sensor readouts, graphs of current and previous composting life cycles, and system logs when compost is mixed or airated, giving customers a piece of mind that their composting system is working, while also providing some educational insight into what's going on. The mobile application is built using React Native, suitable for Android or iOS, making easily accessible to everyone, no matter what type of device they use. With Fleet, we believe we can provide households with a carefree composting system without the tedious maintenance or knowledge required for typical home composting, allowing Australia to start reducing his overall household waste and get us on track for a greener future.