Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the first workshop for our very popular start talking competition. So this workshop is about professional networking with a confidence. So we invited our guest speaker from different organization for our students to be able to hear some of the you know the advice the you know their insights of their you know guest the speakers current career and roles in different organization. What are the skills you know looking at the future job looking at what why this is important for us professional networking with confidence maybe that's is linked with the you know success in our career so and considering we have a representative of different organization from media from government industry academic career specialist so we hope to have a kind of inclusive dialogue and conversation here to unpack this professional networking and its importance in our career job. So I guess I'm going to stop. That was just me introducing but I need to share my slide and that would be okay. I'm going to share. All right. So I guess we already discussed about what is the purpose of today's meeting and I would like to go with the acknowledgement of the country. So we respectfully acknowledge the wari people of colonation who are the traditional owners of the land on which we are going to meet today. So if you're coming from Sarowak campuses so I would like to respect to all the traditional owners of the land that you are joining us today and we would like to pay our respects and to the elders past present and emerging. All right. So I guess the agenda is me just spending about two or three minutes to promote the start talking competition and as I said this is the first workshop and what is very important I would like to introduce our panel members who are coming from different who are representing different organization and different kind of discipline and career. So we are going to have this discussion very shortly. So for now I would like you to invite you all to watch this one minute video to know more about start talking competition at Swimburn. All right. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, Start Talking is the place for you. You have four minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. But now it's your turn to start talking. All right. So that was that was us coming with this start talking competition. But again I just want to summarize this is the first workshop. We have the second workshop coming. It's about storytelling video by Adobe Rush. So the entry for this competition is a 4minut video of your idea with the social impact and that is going to be submitted to myself by Monday 9th of October to be showcased in the live showcase of competition. The selected actually the selected videos are going to be showcased and the winner of the start talking is going to be selected by our judges and that is coming with the cash prize story of success and emerging leaders program is going to recognize your skill. I guess that is about me and start talking. So now let's stop this slide and coming back to our business which is going to be I'm going to ask our panel members with no order. So, I would like to see if I can actually ask Claire to start because I can see you from on my top you know corner of the screen to introduce yourself and just beat yourself in one minute and talk about your position please. >> Thank you very much for having me and a warm welcome to everybody who's who's joined today. Yes, my name is Claire. I'm a journalist. I've been a journalist more than 30 years now. Working initially in Australia in politics and parliamentary reporting and then moving over to the BBC and working for the World Service in the UK and then into Southeast Asia where I lived for several years as a correspondent. I got into journalism since we're working about networking. I got into journalism not because I had family and connections in journalism. That would have helped me a great deal if I had industry connections from my university days. Instead I worked as a volunteer on a community radio station and then one day applied for a job that I was very unqualified for. But I so impressed the manager of the news agency with my get up and go that they created a job for me. And so I look back at that time and I think you know if I had a better portfolio at university and made connections while I was a student that may have helped me to get started as it was, you know, I got a good job. I started at the National News Agency AAP back in the 80s. , so that's me. I now work as an educator. I'm very proud to work at Swinburn where I teach in the in the journalism courses. , at the moment I'm teaching feature writing. I also teach reporting democracy and broadcast and other things, podcasting. , and that's me. >> Thank you, Claire. I appreciate that. So we do you want to introduce yourself, please? >> Oh, yes. Thanks for having me. Hello everyone. My name is Wayey. My background is I originally from China from Beijing. Yeah. I in China I got my bachelor and master degree in computer science. Then I come to Australia I studied my PhD. So after I finished my PhD so I get a job in the university. I have worked in the Australia universities for more than I think more than 20 years. Right. Yeah. Say you know in the PLD we mainly doing research. So that make me interested working the university. So I can continue doing research and publish papers. I also interested in the teaching and in our computer science or IT area you know that keep us always learn that new things new programming language. So it's a I think that is a very exciting the area. So nowadays you can see the high-tech make us make our life much easier right. So yeah so this is my background and my current position is working in the university as a senior lecture in the department of computing technology. Thanks. >> Thank you so much. We Omar, would you like to introduce yourself and your position please? >> Sure. Thanks Peter. Hi everyone. My name is Omar. My background I studied a bachelor of chemical engineering and studied a masters of environmental engineering. I started I started my career as a pharmaceuticals process engineer where I worked in Fizer for a few years on pharmaceutical product development and manufacturing. And from there I moved into consulting. So right now I'm working in management consulting at KPMG where I look after I specialize in asset management. So basically the maintenance and operation planning and strategy for physical assets and I work across multiple sectors. , I've worked across transport, energy, , water resources and currently I'm focusing on healthcare and life sciences. Thanks. >> Thank you, Omar. So, Hugh, it's your time to introduce yourself. Thank you. >> , thanks Ben and thanks for having me along. , so I'm Hugh. , I, , I have a very strange background. I was a medical student and then a briefly a med law student and then a commerce student and then a PhD and then everything else and then sort of essentially dropped out of the whole lot. But ended up with a science degree. But ended up in management consulting for a little while running my own sort of boutique almost accidentally. And then built that up and worked at worked across government and things like that and then ended up starting a software company. So it's called Skocial. We let companies schedule things to social media. Long story short, been doing that for nearly 10 years. It's got a team of 40 or so people. And we work remotely around the world. And yeah, so I sort of I guess I have bits and pieces in terms of my career. I've certainly been one of those people who probably has had a very non-traditional pathway, a little bit like CLA's comments. But you know have had the habit of saying yes a lot to things and you know had a lot of luck along the way to get to where I am now. >> Amazing. Thank you, Hugh. And now I would like to ask invite Andrew to introduce yourself please. >> Hi beta. Thanks for having me along and hello everyone. I'm representing government tonight despite the University of Melbourne banner. So I'm a wildlife biologist by trade. So I did a PhD in wildlife biology. And then I joined government and became a research scientist with government. I worked out that science is only one part of the or doing the science is only one part of the science journey and policy becomes really important in terms of making decisions and for decision makers. So moved across into the policy space and then moved across into the innovation space and all throughout the my career as a as an ecologist what I'm really good at is making connections and seeing how systems work. So I still keep active in terms of publications. I've had three papers come out recently. One's in the area of genomics, one's in the area of quantum computing, , and one's in the area of space. So, they're very quite unusual, but it shows the passion for science. So, science and innovations, the common thread. So, my jobs change have changed over my career, but , the passion for science and STEM has remained. Thanks, Peter. >> Thank you, Andrew. Amazing. I guess some of the key words connection networking passion these are the key words that we are coming back to this for the success in our career whatever it is. So and I would like to invite Jeffrey or I think last guest speaker to introduce yourself Jeffrey. >> Okay thanks Peter. Hi everyone my name is Jeffrey Gulfall. I'm a casual academic at Swinburn. Have been at Swinburn for about 18 months marking and lecturing and tutoring some career development subjects. Before that I was with other universities for about 12 years as a careers counselor, careers educator, careers consultant, all sorts of terminology. I didn't grow up wanting to be a career counselor. It's maybe it's fitting I'm working in the career space since I was either fortunate or unfortunate enough to kind of start three degrees I think before I managed to finish one back in the day when you could do that. Then I gravitated towards working government. Not out of any grand plan but found myself in a great public institution of the government at the Commonwealth government at the time called the Commonwealth Employment Service in the 80s which was a fascinating space to be. So I can I am old enough to have remembered recessions movement of government services into onto computers which was fascinating. So I worked in general employment services for 5 years. Then because of government policies and strategies I then got into working with disadvantaged and homeless young people for about eight years in St. Kilda and then worked on setting up a center in the city to work to help with homeless young people in conjunction with state governments and local governments and all sorts of things. Then sometime as a result of just government policies, I moved on to the careers space and ran a careers a public careers library for 10 years. Then moved into found myself having to find other work. And I had to network fairly radically and quickly and found myself into the higher education space. So I'm not sure if that's a linear pathway or not, but that's my pathway. >> Thank you, Jeffrey. Thank you. I should admit that now we at Swimburn I ended up being a secondman position with the real academic program. I'm coming from a school of science but now I'm working with the real academic program. So I guess I like kind of passion and kind of being connected with people always learning from each other. So to unpack of some of our journey and I guess we want to come up with kind of inspiring conversation to our students who are going to graduate and looking for a career and success in the organization that we are working or beyond that. So I would like to share your stories your feedback on the questions that I'm going to ask. Again we have limited time. So if you think that one question is already addressed so we can move to the next question. So my first question for the panel member maybe cla can start with that. So is about how did you develop an interest in pursuing a career in your field? You're muted, Claire. >> I'm Yes. Look, I had a passion. , I had an interest in words, in writing. I loved I loved reading and I loved writing. , and I didn't know what broad options there might be when I was thinking about a career. But I settled on journalism when I was about I think in about midway through high school and I and I f started focusing on politics and law and I learned to type and that kind of thing. And then I went to university and did a politics degree at Melbourne Uni and I had a passion for information. I wanted to understand how the world worked and journalism was a good fit for me because journalism is about finding out what's happening, finding out what's working, what's not working, who's responsible and who's not doing their job properly. And trying to get answers and pass that on to the general public in a way that enables them to understand to communicate clearly and concisely and accurately information. And these are things I think that science scientists and science students will understand this idea of being naturally curious of trying to find out what the facts are and understand them and then communicate that. And in science the whole idea of science communication is I think relatively recent but it's a it's a whole skill set of not just being good at science but also being good at communication and happy to talk some more about that as we as we go. >> Thank you Claire. We just opened that question to maybe Hugh I'm coming to you an entrepreneur answering what makes you interest to the career that you are doing or that journey because I can see that there are different you know phases of the career and yeah >> yeah I mean if you ask me I mean I was always you know sort of looking back you can see that I was probably always going to be self-employed and you know like some have some sort of entrepreneurial type pathway but at the time as you know particularly as a school student or even as a as a university student I had you know no real interest and my parents would probably say to me now that they thought I was going to but you know we'll see I think really a lot of it is you know for me it was always about you know it was something where I enjoyed it and I enjoyed really solving problems and it was a way for me to find I guess a way to motivate myself to discover and solve interesting problems. , and a little bit like I'm sure Omar's experience, you know, consulting probably gave me a little bit of a first insight into that. You know, I sort of ran a little boutique myself, but you know, you sort of get that problem solving space. , and I sort of quickly realized that, you know, the career that I otherwise would have, I guess, done , healthcare is, you know, yes, you're solving problems, but you're often solving exactly the same problem sort of over and over again or small variations of it. Whereas in you know the world of entrepreneurs it's you know problems can be infinite and you know you can change all the time and you have to change all the time and you know it's a it's a much more dynamic environment and you know I've realized that my personality is much more perhaps risk-taking than most doctors most definitely more risk-taking than most doctors probably for a good reason and that really you know the people you know when I sort of engaged and met people you know from the world of entrepreneurs and things like that you know you sort of immediately discover like oh wow like these are really my people, you know, this is what I really enjoy. And, you know, like hearing these stories is what really sort of gets me going in the morning. , and that I think was where it sort of, I guess, validated the fact that I sort of found myself in this place. , you know, and that was the place where ultimately, you know, I'm probably end up spending my life in because while I had 18 months briefly working in government, I think Andrew and I spoke about this last year. , I realized very quickly that I'm not someone who tolerates being in a big organization. >> Thank you. Hugh. So what I hear from Claire and Hugh, it's about passion. It's about what is your interest and it's about your selfawareness. Something that it can for our students who are just doing their study. So just know about yourself, okay? Who you are, who makes you exciting, what makes you exciting, what makes you to like about you know to enjoy and of course the passion. So do we have from the guest speaker do we have anyone who wants to make more to this? I'll just throw in something beta. I was in a sense as I said I didn't you know grow up wanting to be a career counselor or whatever but I found myself working in giving information providing access to people to employment education and then that started turning into getting finding out information about courses and helping people from all sorts of backgrounds into education. But then a kind of allied to that was I guess forces from government industry whatever and so a whole bunch of kind of professionalization started happening in the careers space in the early 2000s just nationally and internationally. So there was a whole bunch of accredititation standards coming and I'm thinking I'm in this space now I'm even just finding out oh so that's what that's called. Oh I'm actually probably doing some counseling there. I suppose I need to get some qualifications to do that to do it properly. So it was actually a pro process of even just paying attention to what was going on around me kind of finding out there is a professional association to do that there's another one to doing that. So it was just actually finding out the landscape was a really powerful thing and kind of timing was quite good because there was just a lot of activity in the careers professional sector in as I said in Australia in the early 2000s or so and even some action from governments. U so it was just a great opportunity to kind of pay attention to what's going on and kind of write in on that. So again we are coming back to the importance of the connection and you know accept kind of being updated with the opportunities around you that might take you to the journey that you ended up being interested and enjoy and that is align with your passion. So from the guest speaker, do we have anything beyond the passion and interest and being updated with the opportunities for the as part of the interest in a career that you're doing? >> You know, something that we always had as a journalist and like one of the other panelists, I also started before we had computers. We used to carry around a little book with us all the time. , my book was a little green book and every time I met somebody, I would write down their name and their job title and their phone number. , and I protected that little green book as if it was worth a great deal amount of great deal of money. , not just because I had an obligation to my journalistic sources, but because that was really part of the currency of my trade was who I was connected to, who I could call on, who I knew would give me good information and who trusted me to share information. , and I think it's a good thing for anybody that's listening now to start thinking about who do you know that is going to help you as you move into the workforce. , and how can you build that relationship? And you know start with a little green book and write down those phone numbers. >> Thank you Claire. So now we would like to start with a new question and of course if students are in the room they have questions so they can write in the chat and I can we can you know we can consider that. So my next question is about what aspect of your career considering we have students in the room that they might be jo want to be graduate and become an entrepreneur or they would like to be an a journalist or join a government or industry or they become academic or career specialist. So what aspects of your career it's most I go to the both side of being more enjoyable and you know maybe more challenging just to give a kind of a fact to what it involve in your career. Maybe I would like to ask Andrew to unpack that question. , I think one of the things that I really find enjoyable is the work that I do and where it takes me either from a dayto-day , it's I'm always learning and learning new things. And I think anyone that's interested in STEM , and I think all the speakers today, it's a continuous learning , opportunity. I think learning is fantastic. And I think what personally my work is taking me to different parts of the world. I've met different people. I've been in circumstances that not every person gets to see or experience which is amazing. I work with brilliant people. , and the people I work with, I enjoy working with them. , , I think the challenging side of things is you'll also come across people that maybe you don't like working with as well. , so people, , there's all different types of people, and if you can find people you like working with, you share the same vision and passion, , , I think they're the types of relationships that, , that you'll enjoy through your working career. , it'll have its ups and downs, but, , yeah, look for the look for the people and the relationships, , and the learning. I think they're there things that I'd take away. Beautiful. Thank you so much Andrew. We would you like to join to this conversation and tell us in academic area what is something that is most enjoyable and what is challenging? Oh as academic you know we are most the challenge is to do the research to create a new idea and solve the problem right so I think this is a very interesting work yeah you can see in the history of the computer you know on the beginning we use that assembling language just that very difficult for coding later we have that high level programming language. You know later the actually the research when we use that kind of a text command that based the research we are doing during that time we say that called a graphic user interface use that called a vill programming. So based on that research you can see now the computer we most computer we just click button. So we can drag that file to copy before we have to type a command copy. Then we type a file name to another file name. Right? So this is very interesting. So you can see the research always keep going to create a new idea. So later on so maybe not immediately convert to that commercial product later on. So that can be become a commercial product. So this is also interesting and challenged in the academic work right. >> Thank you. We Omar I would like to hear from you. I didn't see you. I have limited access to the people on the top. Omar I missed you. Let's go with your opinion for the this question and the previous one. Yes please. >> Yeah. So I guess for me some of the enjoy bits in consulting and working with clients in a dynamic environment is I get to work on a lot of problems and face very different things every day. And you know I'm like Andrew is saying I'm always learning always learning something new with every project with every client that I work with. And I get exposure to a lot of different you know sectors as well. The other thing about that I enjoy a lot is essentially the outcome of it all when I help you know solve a problem for a client and in the end you know they say oh this has really helped us advance this part in our organization or this has helped us to you know move past this obstacle that we've been facing for a while and you know see their growth after that. So I think having that you know tangible benefit and helping someone after at the end of it is something I really enjoy. In terms of challenges, I guess and this is probably part of my engineering background. You know, I was a I was a pro previously I was a process engineer where I was, you know, in a manufacturing site and I used to find a problem and actually just get into it, solve it myself, work with the with the operators on the on the shop floor and get it going. So the challenge that I have now is I kind of come up with a solution and give it to the client and leave them to go and do it. So I'm not really being hands-on and going and fixing things myself and going on the shop floor to, you know, look at a valve or kick a kick a tank. So I think that's probably something that I that I find a bit challenging and not have not having that hands-on approach as much anymore. But I think it definitely a lot of the other aspects make up for it. >> Thank you. So from the guest speaker, do you want to add more comments on that or we are going to start a new question and conversation? All right. So if we already share our comments about what is the most enjoyable or challenging related to our career let's move on to what is the most important you know we're talking about the skills if we are going to graduate okay you bring your discipline knowledge but what it coming to the interview you going to the different organization so they are looking for some maybe some other skills and for me the value and impact that you can bring to the organization that's very important. So what were the skills that you can share with us that is most important for your success in your career pathway? I'm I'm sure that there should be some common skills between a journalist, an academic and some entrepreneur. So yeah, I would like to request he to start that conversation. >> I mean I think I think generally speaking entrepreneurs are people who are very bad at saying no and they're willing to accept a lot of risk you know and a lot of lot of stress. Like I keep saying to people like you'll know if you want to be you'll know if you want to run a run a business because like you'll kind of hate it but you'll love it at the same time. And like every small business owner and every whether it's from tiny business through huge business will tell you of the time where like they couldn't make payroll or like you know the cash flow all got stuffed up or whatever it is and it was like a total nightmare and they ripped their hair out for days but they just sort of they'll at the same time say to you oh my god but I missed those days. They were such great days. So I think you know one part is you know you sort of have this approach and this sort of I guess acceptance almost of it. But I think the second part and you know kind of coming back to some of the things that perhaps in common is like you know as entrepreneurs so much of our job is about communicating what it is that you know we're looking for. You know whether that's about selling stuff to customers whether it's about hiring people which is you know one of the most important jobs for you as a as an entrepreneur is hiring the right team. And you have to like sell a person on joining your team just as much as you have to sell a customer on buying the product if not more. , you know, because good people can be quite hard to persuade. And so, you know, all of those skills around persuasive language and persuasive writing and all sorts of stuff is actually, I would say, some of the most useful skills because that's actually what you'll find you end up using day in day out continuously even just in managing people to some degree, but you know, probably don't need to get into that piece. But you know those communication skills become so important because you spend so much of your time you know having to work across different departments and things like that and being able to you know distill complex thoughts into something that someone else can understand. So you know I have to be able to explain you know things from our software engineering team into our marketing team to be able to make sure that they understand what we're going to do next. So you know you have to be able to develop and really flex those skills. And that's been something that's been really useful for me both you know when I was consulting all the way through. In being able to connect those different dots. >> Thank you, Hugh. So, do we want to join Hugh and add comments on that, Claire? >> Well, I was going to talk about communication, but Hugh's grabbed that. So, look, I'm going to add determination because, you know, journalism is a tough is a tough job. Most jobs have tough areas. And it's the ability to come up against a hurdle and be willing to jump the hurdle and even if you knock it down to be willing to have a go at the next one and the next one. , you know, in journalism, , we're looking for truth and, , a lot >> and we're now in a climate where missing keep asking the questions , you know, keep trying to find the people that we need to get the job done is really important. And I think that applies, you know, in science as well as in journalism because there's a search truth there as well. There's there's trial and error. There's the answers that you wanted and being willing just to keep going, not giving up. >> Thank you, Claire. I think I had some disconnection in between your talk, but I hope everyone hear what you said. Thank you so much for sharing your comments on that. So Andrew, do you want to join the conversation? >> Yeah, >> share more skills. Thank you. >> I think Claire and Omar and we and Jeffrey and Hugh would all say that communication, but I think writing is very important and for government writing is a key part of the job. , and it's a different style of writing to a journalist. It's a different style of writing for a consulting report and it's a different style of writing for the academy. So when I recruit people there's nothing worse than the sentence that's in their covering letter that's that has a mistake in it. Because what that shows to me is the person hasn't taken care in how they write and they haven't proof read it and so they're not the type of person that will get to the next stage of even having a conversation. They might be the best person for the job but their first impression is a written word. And so the written word is really powerful. And you can have you can enjoy different styles. You can write for different audiences and knowing what your audience is and what they expect I think is really important and it takes practice. It takes conversations and there's people out there who can help. So the written word for me is very important. Thank you Andrew. So I guess coming with the communication so it comes with a different aspects of communication. So I know that from someone who did the science degree in an different educational system coming to teach in three different educational system. This communication at least for STEM area it's kind of barrier. We really want to come out from this comfort zone and we really need to act. So for us to stay in front of people for me to come to do this you know panel discussion and act as a host these are all challenging but I guess it's really about how you are going outside your comfort zone and you practice. So as much as you practice you and you have a good guideline and example and mentors I guess you can improve your communication like written communication talking you know the visual communication now with this after co all of the digital communication so yeah all of this communication again Jeffrey do you want to add something about the skills especially you're coming as a career consultant and talk with a lot of you know graduates who are looking for a job. What is your advice? >> Graduates and stakeholders. I was thinking about the dreaded word stakeholders. Of I'm going to of course mention communication but to me it's about listening to your listening and then producing or writing something for your audience is a critical part of obviously of communication. And for me in my roles it's been either you know working onetoone with well at Swinburn a dual sector institution from TA to PhD students. So in one sense the approach is the it might may well be the same but the language what I'm listening to what I'm listening for and the kind of the hopefully solutions I might be providing are going to vary according to the audience and it's the same with if I'm then or involved in writing content for career resources or for career subjects or dealing with academics and listening to them what they want. So I was also thinking it's about it's that mix of communication and problem solving and providing solutions that kind of that are that are congruent. That's a terribly that's a terrible word but that are that are in line with what the audience is can actually achieve what they can do what they see as viable. So it's, you know, good communication is about listening to your might be an audience of one or it might be an audience of 100. , working out what the issue is, using the problem solving skills and coming up with some kind of solution that they feel that they can take away and work with and that they're happy with. And that's I mean that's and I and there's so much packed into that, isn't there? , but that's also a kind of a I think an really important kind of suite of skills to be involved in listening to what the problem is and then providing some kind of solution that makes sense. And then I've written down something about nowadays as well. It's about working out what's possible, what's viable, what would be perfect and it's managing all those expectations as well. That is a I think a pretty important skill set at the m nowadays in terms of just working out what can we do, what's possible, what's viable, what would be loved to do. So all those sorts of skills. So I've probably gone on there a bit but anyway >> thank you so much. >> That's what you've generated for me. >> Thank you. Considering the time I would like to open the new discussion which is very important and I want everyone to contribute on that and that is a bad opportunity through our conversation we discuss about the importance of networking professional networking with a confidence passion interest awareness so I guess I would like to open this question for our students that what are the opportunities for our gradu graduate it's present and I can see the question in the chat which is about an opportunity in current job market in Victoria for IT students in the IT industry but I guess considering we have our guest speakers from different organization can you please advise our students what are the opportunities and how they can be updated connected with for those opportunities. Omar, do you want to start? >> Yeah, sure. So, in terms of opportunities, I guess that's a really big and open question cuz there's opportunities in everything at the moment, isn't there? But what I will say, I guess in terms of accessing those opportunities, one of the best ways that I found is through networking. The more people that you speak to, the more that you'll be across what opportunities they have. , especially the organizations that aren't big and loud online. , you know, posting their opportunities everywhere. , so smaller organizations, you'll probably only come across the opportunities they have available with them by connecting with these people and talking to them and finding out what's happening. , and I've done that best by go connecting through professional associations and going to networking events. , for example, for myself as an engineer, , I volunteer and network a lot at Engineers Australia. , I know that there's a lot of other, , you know, in pharmaceuticals, I used to go to, , parent parental drug association. There's lots of different associations that you can go to based on the industry that you're interested in. , so definitely recommend that. , and don't get bogged down in the , you know, everyone will tell you, oh, apply to the grad job applications. Apply to the grad job applications. It's not the only way to get a job and it's not the only opportunity out there. , so just find alternative methods because it does make your life easier as well. >> Thank you, Omar. So, Andrew, do you want to join for the opportunity government? >> Yeah. So, I think for government, , I think Omar's hit the nail on the head. So, there's some really nice graduate programs and you should have a look at them and you should check them out and don't be put off if it's not in the area that you want because you'll be taken on a journey that's going to be amazing and educational and you'll work out where the right fit is for you if you choose government. But as Omar said, they're not the only way to get into government. Government has lots and lots of different entry points and I think a few of the panelists have had careers that have touched on government u both briefly or for me 20 plus years. So I think that's a really interesting way to evolve a career. One of the things that I do at the moment is I'm I'm very active on LinkedIn. I know Bitter's very active on LinkedIn. It's a great way of seeing what's around and to Omar's point around the smaller industries and if you follow the right threads, you can start to see where the industry trends are that you might like to work with or the NOS's or the other companies that are of interest. And whenever I come across a young emerging person first job or doing a mast's or something like that, I push them and say, "I want to see a LinkedIn post. " and it might be that, you know, today you've you've heard from a bunch of really interesting people. You might say, "Well, Omar told me this. Why don't you post it on LinkedIn and you know hook into Omar and then Omar's connected to the KPMG network and it's a network of networks. So I'd encourage you to take the leap post and write and like and become have an online presence on platforms like LinkedIn and other platforms that are useful. So I'll leave it there. Thank you. I see two questions that I will keep con consider that for we later because that is the IT related question and I think we is the best person but just to keep the momentum of this conversation about graduate opportunities. Hugh do you have any suggestion or you know for students that they have kind of startup idea or kind of let's say a mobile application idea. So what are the opportunities how they can you know bring their idea to their business? >> Yeah, I mean the simple piece is it's you know it's never been easy to start a business in many ways. You know you just get up there and go. , and I think, you know, the advice I always give students is that like the best the best time really to start your own business is right at the start of your career because generally speaking, obviously with some exceptions, you know, you haven't yet you don't yet have a mortgage and you know, lifestyle creep and everything else. You know, you're used to living on almost no money. At least I certainly did when I was a student. , and so, you know, it is a really great time because you don't have, you know, when you talk to a lot of the older entrepreneurs, they get a lot more, they have a lot more, I guess, concern about really taking that first step because of all of those different sort of lifestyle aspects. So, I think really, you know, in my context, it's really just like, you know, you just get up there and start and, you know, like I think whether it's that you need to, you know, you don't necessarily have to raise money, companies don't have to raise money. Some do, some don't. , you know, if you need to, then you go out and raise money. If you don't need to, you don't go out and raise money. The best money that every entrepreneur will tell you is the money that your customers give you for a good product. So and I think certainly in the world of you know it and software and things like that these days it's never been cheaper to bring a software product to market and easier to bring a software product to market. You know we don't have to like you know when I first when I first started probably in my career I should say you know you were still racking physical servers and all that kind of stuff. Or certainly you'd have to you know it' be like a one day delay between saying oh I'd like to provision this server please and then a day later they would say oh yes someone has like racked a server for you when now you know you don't even really need to even think about servers you know you just sort of like push the code and it's all done. So I think you know it's it is really such an easy thing. The really hard part is actually working out you know what you're actually going to build and who you're going to build it for and are they going to pay for it is really much harder than actually getting started. And so the getting started piece is really just work out what people need and start doing it. >> Thank you, Hugh. Jeffrey, would you like to throw in that work out what you want to do and start doing? And that was a great thing from Hugh. And I suppose my kind of thing for graduates and job seeking is my kind of first blunt kind of statement which is not to be taken entirely seriously, but stop using seek. Please stop using seek. The job that's just where jobs are listed. Forget about that. Think about who do you want to work for. Identify five to 10 organizations you really want to work for. And it makes sense that they would want to employ you with your skills, with your background, and all the values, motivation stuff, which is what organizations really are measuring when they're recruiting people. So think about that. Think about the organ the type of organizations you want to work for. And as other speakers have said, then you know politely follow them on connect up with them on LinkedIn. Look at their websites, look at their they most large organizations if you're look if that's what you're looking for will have, you know, so much information about them about who they're looking for. So in that sense, don't worry about a specific job ad coming up. If you connect with enough organizations and start kind of following them and commenting and linking in with their all their kind of events and whatever they have for young for graduates because most disciplines now have worked out they're following the demographics. They're following the idea that there's going to be a huge shortfall in skilled qualified people in Australia and many other economies globally just following the de the demographics of us baby boomers. So you know in one sense it's it's a really good it's a potentially a really good kind of market for graduates to think about who do I want to be working for who would it make sense for me to be working for and who and it would make sense for them to be employing me. So that's the first thing I'd be encouraging undergraduates and graduates is start thinking about who you want to work for and research them and find and connect with them. The other thing to do about networking is I always will tell students think about networking is you're in a you're in a place where if you see a job ad but it's not right for you but you know someone else who that would be fantastic for tell them. The best form of networking is either to send or receive the message I saw this job ad or this article and I thought of you. And if you get start getting into the habit of sending those out you'll soon get in that there'll be soon a pattern of you receiving them as well. So networking is about you being part of a great kind of interchange of information of people helping each other. So I think and for me that seeing networking in that in that sense is really helpful for all sorts of reasons. So thank you so much. I know that there are I'm just trying to keep the dialogue but I appreciate if our guest members are and I see appreciate Andrew you answer the question. Yes. We have a fantastic internship unit which provide you some in work experience with the industry in different you know disciplines and majors that you're enrolled at Swimburn. So please contact me because I'm the convenor of internship unit. So please contact me. I can provide the information. Claire opportunities for the journalist. Yeah, look, I just wanted to build on what Jeffrey was saying there about how you can get out there and find out what's happening and where the jobs are and connect with people and it's getting involved and actually getting along to things. , I'm always saying to my students, you know, go along to public meetings, go along to seminars, go to conferences, , meet people, talk to them, listen to them. Communication as I think Andrew was saying, it's not just about talking the talk, it's about listening to what people are saying and then acting on what you hear. Some people in this group hopefully will be interested in journalism. Having a science degree is a great basis for going into journalism because you can bring that incredible knowledge of both the field and research methods to your journalism. And there are networks around the world of both scientists who are active in the media in communication and journalists who cover science. And I'm going to put in the chat two examples of those. One is the Australian group which is made up of scientists and journalists. And also there's a global network of science journalists and that's a link to their next conference. So just think about how you can get out there in the world and connect with people who are doing the kind of work that you want to do. They're at meetings, they're at conferences, they're at public meetings, they're attending events. >> Thank you. We I would like to ask you the question because I can see there are some technical IT skills is requested in the chat and which part of the IT industry is growing and hiring right now. Do you have any do you know comment for that question or we would >> well in the sector that I work in and I'll be brief because other people will know more but just briefly in my sector it's it's data journalism. It's using big data. It's it's getting across what's happening with artificial intelligence. And it's using technologies that connect journalists across borders. So because the business model of journalism has broken in many ways, new ideas are coming up and one of them is people working together across borders and across boundaries and using technology to help them to do that. Thank you Claire. In fact that was my very last question which can be aligned with your answer. What is the trend if we are looking at the future in your career and your organization? So what is the trend and what are the skills or something that students can consider so that maybe the artificial intelligence and the data science. So those are the skills that I think it students they are very good. So we if you have any input for feedback for that. >> yeah. Yeah. I think of for the university student I think some student in the I think the question said we don't have experience hard to get a job. For my point of view is that you should learn that fundamental that programming skills. So the if you know that the fundamental that programming skill no matter what kind of a new kind of programming language coming for example before is C language now it's Java now it's the Python very quickly you can you can you can get in that new kind of programming language and I think I can put some I can say example before I had I had a PhD student when he got a he got a job just three months. You know, employ employer normally don't like to give you a long-term contract. They we just give gave him a three months. So, he want to see employer want to see his ability. But that job I think that is you know that the big data the tro wanted to shift that big data from one database to another database you know but that PD student told me he never learned that kind of called a script language that on the on the Unix system. You have to remember most are programming language on the Microsoft window you know. So he said that he just quickly to learn by himself. Yeah. Day and night very quickly he can learn that scrap language. So he can automatically transfer that data the big data you know can transfer from one database to another database right. So later so he will he get that long-term contract. So later actually he drop off his T study you know now he get a very high pay salary. He can shift from testra then that bank and the insurance. So this kind of company always use a very big database >> because he has that kind of scale. I think another example I can I can share that >> we sorry just consider about the time we are just about to close this panel discussion. I always h wish if we have more time to keep talking about our experiences, our stories and you know to give this guide guidance to our students. But I would like to consider this one minute for the very sharp and short point that we missed during our conversation to share with our students. Who is that brave will enter here to answer this sharp and short point? Omar, you go for it. >> , sorry beta. So, what's the sharpen and short point? >> Yes, it could be anything that we want to share at the end or we missed to share. >> Yeah. , look, just go for every opportunity that you come across. Meet as many people and talk to as many people as you can. , and I saw one of the comments in the chat as well about fear of rejection. Just go for it and the worst that they can say is no. So, yeah, I guess that's as short as I can keep it. >> Thank you. , I guess I >> I'll go in there. >> Yes, Jeffrey, please you go. And I want everyone to turn be ready after Jeffrey finish. I would like those who are volunteer to turn on their video and we are going to capture a screenshot and for a memory of this conversation to come back next year. So Jeffrey go ahead. >> You go. It's the increasingly global labor market. Australian firms understand that the idea that and I'm responding as well to some of the questions in the chat that an Australian firm would think oh no you've only got experience in a little town like Singapore is I'd argue laughable. You don't if they say that you don't want to work for them. As a to me it comes back to again you your job is to approach the employers you want to work for and it's in terms of the IT world I think over the last 5 to 10 years Australian firms are realizing they can be very flexible in terms of all sorts of things about people's backgrounds PR all sorts of issues suddenly become very flexible if they think they found the right person but so that means that you've got your it's your job to you get out there and start contacting, as everyone's been saying, turning up to events, having those accidental meetings, which aren't accidents at all because you're turning up. , and you're making connections. And if you've got the right skill set for what that company needs right then and there, and that's just such a random chaotic thing, trust me, they will find a way to, you know, have another chat and another chat and another chat. So that would be my kind of advice is in a sense don't worry about the anything to do with skill shortages or what's hot, what's not, whatever. The right company will find the right candidate, but you've your job is to get out there and talk to them. There you go. >> Thank you so much, Jeffrey, for this sharp and short message to our students. Now is the time to celebrate this moment of the end of the workshop one start talking 2023. So we are looking for your innovative idea in a format of 4minut video to be shared with us. Come along to the second workshop where we are going to learn about how to create an inspiring video with Adobe Rush. But for now please turn on your video. I'm going to count down from 3 to 1 and then I'm going to take a screenshot and I would like everyone to have a smile. So I'm going to start three, two, and one. Okay, let me to prove the Yes, it works. And thank you so much for all of the panel members for your valuable time. I'm glad that I can see you at least once a year. And we would love to be really passionate about sharing our knowledge and information. And please stay updated, connected and talk with us. And I hope everything is going well and all the best for everyone especially our panel members. Thank you so much.