# VIDEO: Matthew Schipper (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-08-18

Everyone during some stage of their life has heard of the term germs. For many of us, most of that exposure would be from product labels or slogans claiming they kill 99. 95% of germs or something to that end. But despite the reputation that may bring, some germs play integral roles in our development. For example, did you know the human body relies on specialized bacteria, a type of germ, to break down certain foods? Or maybe that the cooking ingredient yeast is actually a single cellled fungi which is another kind of germ. Well, regardless of whether you knew that or not, there is another helpful germ that many of us may not be familiar with. One that we are not beneficial to our stomachs will a giant step forward in the never- ending battle against some environmental footprint. You see, back in 2016, a group of Japanese scientists working a recycling plant noticed something peculiar was occurring before their eyes. A group of unknown bacteria had grown around some of the plastic bottles. The weird part was that it was successfully able to eat away at the material, breaking it down into smaller components. Yes, you heard me correctly. These bacteria use the plastic material as food. M plastics. Polyethylene terafalate commonly referred to as PET plastic is a common material used in various packagings. Packaging made from this plastic will have a plastic identification number of one. So if you think I'm lying out of my teeth, try and see how many objects you use in your daily life have this symbol on it. To give you an example, here is a picture of some of the objects I found in my house that are made out of PET plastics. The discovered bacteria was found to break away the specific kind of plastic material. When eating the material, it leaves behind two chemicals, teraphelic acid and ephylene glycol. These chemicals are reported as harmless to the environment, granting it an edge over many recycling methods in place due to being extremely eco-friendly. These chemicals could be collected and recycled for future use. Ethylene glycol is particularly helpful being a common ingredient in antifreeze, a common engine cooler which is in high demand. Upon looking deeper, the scientists found that this group of bacteria could break down a material at a rate of 0. 13 mg of plastic for every centimeter of exposure per day. What does this actually mean? Well, if you took a generic cylinder shaped plastic bottle, submerged it on top of this bacteria, it would fully decompose the bottle in just under one and 1/2 years. Okay, yes, that is a long time, but it's far better than leaving it to break down naturally. You see, the issue with PET plastic lies in its structure. It's very tight and compact. So much so that even air is trapped within it. This helps your soft drink stay fizzy for longer, but it comes at a cost. It's because of that tight structure that plastic bottles take hundreds of years to degrade naturally. Not only that, but that plastic doesn't truly break away. Rather, it becomes smaller fragments of the same material. This material is then eaten by wildlife, which then slowly comes back to bite us due to the food chain. This is why a period of 1 and 1/2 years for a clean and eco-friendly result is an undeniable and significant improvement. A report on waste generation by the Australian Bureau of Statistics reports that just under 440,000 tons of PET plastic was sent to landfill between 2018 and 2019. With how long they take to fully break down, that plastic is likely still there today, while the total number only continues to increase. This along with many other reasons is why it's to everyone's benefit that we see a future where not a single plastic bottle is left to landfill. And while this discovery is still far away from achieving this on such a scale, it's a powerful step in the right direction.