So hello everyone welcome for joining and my name is Zind. I'm part of the Adobe coaches here at the super Adobe hub and today I'm joined by beta who is the lead for design for change 2025. She is a senior lecturer in microbio biotechnology at will. I'm also joined by Carolyn who is also a senior lecturer in media and communication and today we'll be covering a Figma workshop. Okay. So first of all I would like to respectfully acknowledge the Burning people of the Ken nation sorry who are the traditional owners of the land on which Swurn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east and pay our respect to their elders past, present and emerging. I would also like to acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of lands across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. Okay. So on to the agenda for today's workshop. So at the beginning of this workshop, we would like to cover the introduction to design for change 2025 just as a refresher and reminder to tell people what design for change is about and what it's for. And after that we would like to introduce the simple Adobe hub how it can help students using softwares like the Adobe applications and also where they can seek help from. And after that we'll move on to the main agenda for today which is Figma. Figma is an application which allows people to create digital interactive prototypes with interfaces of desktops and mobiles. And we will show you how to log into Figma, how to apply for educational license, why you need to apply for educational license and how to build a prototype, how to create shapes, tags and finally after you have created your prototype, how you can save it and also share to other people to view and edit and okay so that's all for the workshop agenda. I would like to invite Beta to talk about the introduction to design for change. 2025. >> Thank you so much Jen. I guess I just if you can please come to the slide. A group of us academic from different disciplines. Thinking about how we can support our students to meet the requirements of industry needs. In fact making the bridge between academia all the knowledge your discipline knowledge and something that you might need with taking with you beyond your graduation. So design for change to is a one of the annual competitions under a program which is called shaping stem fuges. A group of us including myself Carolene Kelen Irene from Asarak we are leading on this program. So specifically for design for change we are looking if we go to the next slide what we are looking is a lot of the students they have this prototyping solution to the real challenge problem as part of their assessments. So what we think that this is or your product with the collaboration with industry partner or without like with your supervisors in your discipline. You might come from the design you have a website as a solution to facilitate you know an activity for your client or customer. So whatever it is that prototype whether is a physical prototype or digital prototype as a recommendation solution to the existed challenge that is what we are interested with the impact like if that has an impact which helping you know a client or industry partner to satisfy with something that they are looking in their workplace and they have a business side out of these. So if you create a 4minut video demonstrating your solution design solution and a prototype with the outcome and impact align with the vision which could be the vision that your industry have or it could be the vision that we have to make shaping a better world to live in or we have our industry partner which is the insurance company have a world a safer place to live and the other industry and community organization we have it's supporting women and girls in inspiring women and girls into the STEM any of these vision or your selected industry with a vision so if you target your design to be aligned with that vision then make the 4m minute video that is what we are f looking for the final product. So next slides so we also look for some sustainable impact. So of course we have a live showcase on Thursday week 13 and that is where we are going to invite the finalists of the selected 4minut video and we have the judger judging panel from Swimburn from industry from the community organization. We would love them to look at the quality of the 4minut video and your design. We would like to for you to be recognized behind the products that you created. And then of course we are going to have a winner and we are going to have a story about your journey to come with this solution and we are going to have a cash prize and some certificate of the participation align with some of the program that our employability team at Swimburn are running. And I guess with that if you have any concern, any questions on behalf of the team shaping stone futures we are open and we are passion to talk with you and discuss about your idea. So Caroline on behalf of Caroline Casteline and Irene we wish you all the best and I hope you enjoy the first workshop which is Figma. Thank you so much Caroline. Thank you so much for covering the rest of this presentation and I'm going to take off from Thank you. Have a safe afternoon. >> Terrific. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. So yes, so we've got a summary slide here that gives you further information. So, , if you're going to be participating, , and competing, you need to register for the, , event. So, we've got, , the Figma event, which is today. , you've got an Adobe Express video workshop on the 10th of April at 400 p. M. , and then startup pitch presentation, which will be in , May, early May. And so, you got to register for those. And part of that registration is that you submit a 300word maximum outline of your design idea to beta's email there by the 30th of May. And then your video submission, your fabulous 4-minute video on your startup for your design idea needs to be submitted by the 2nd of June. So plenty of time. So it's awesome. We're having this workshop today to start putting this thinking in motion. And then the competition itself showcases on the 5th of June on Zoom. And there's, as Bea said, there's some fabulous prizes there. $400 for the judge's choice and certificate of participation. So that's great. You get something out of it. , everyone's a winner when you enter. And then the story of the successful application or successful applicant will be published in the Swinburn newsletter. , so you've got lots of information there. And next slide. Thanks, Zenlin. Awesome. And contact details for beta her email there. So do just get in contact with her if you have any questions. Terrific. So I think that's our last slide from us. So we'll hand it over to you then Lyn and thank you for your fabulous introduction by the way. You did wonderfully. >> Thank you. Okay. So, right now I'm going to change the screen and I'm going to talk about as you guys know or maybe you don't know that Swimburn is actually the first Adobe creative campus throughout Australia. And what that means for you guys or me a student is that you can get access to all the Adobe apps like Illustrator, Photoshop, Premier Pro, After Effects, and so much more for completely free. If you log in to with your student or like Swimburn email account, you can get all these apps for completely free. But as we know, the Adobe apps are not like the easiest apps out there to use. It requires some learning to do and sometimes it gets frustrated and everything but don't worries because like Swimburn has an Adobe hub which us the Adobe coaches work there and we are there to support you if you have any issues any problems of how to use the Adobe applications. So what you can do is actually go to the Swimburn digital literacies, the Swimburn Adobe Hub website and if you come down here you can see book a coach. If you click that it will basically bring you give you two options which is a workshop and a drop-in session. So if you're a student, you can only book in a drop-in session which is a 30 minutes and you can ask whatever questions you want regarding Adobe software or you can just pop in at the library level three. We will always be there every Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 11 to 2:00 p. M. Yep. So, but I think it's best for you to book in a drop-in session so that you don't clash with other people and then you don't get to ask your questions and okay, so that's basically it for the Super Adobe Hub and I think I'll just get started with the Figma workshop. Okay, I'm just going to close this. Yep. And so in to be able to begin using Figma, first of all, you have to go into figma. Com. It's not within the Adobe Creative Club. It's not part of an Adobe product. So what you have to do is that you need to go to the figma. Com and just click this get started for free and this box will pop up asking you to sign in. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to click I'm going to type in sorry, type in my student email. And if I click continue with email, it's going to ask for my password. And I think everyone's going to be the same for this. So, I'm just going to quickly type in Oh, sorry. Okay, if I click login. Oh, password is not correct. Sorry. Okay, should be working now. Okay, so after it successfully authenticated me as a student because I already have an account, it will bring me to the main page here. But if you don't have an existing Figma account, you would have to let's say create a password. Like after you type in your password, it will ask you to create a new account. And after you create a new account, you will have to select your student and key in the verification code that you will receive in your email from Figma. Okay. So now that you have your account logged in, what you have to do is that you have to go to is that you have to go to I think I will just quickly type in bigma. Comucation. Okay. So after you enter figma. Com/education, it will bring you to this page which is where you can get your educational license. So the reason why you want to get your educational license and not use your current one which is free of course but there is some limitations to it. So you won't be able to use like the professional features and there will be limited in sharing your projects and also creating like design files. So I encourage you guys to just use your Swimbun student account and register for a educational license. Okay. So because I have already registered my educational license, I'm just going to quickly log out and use another account that doesn't have it so I can show you guys what the form actually looks like and I can show you guys how to fill the educational form. Okay. And if I go back here, click on get verified again. Yep. And as you can see, it will show you bring you to this page which is get the free Figma educational plan for a classroom. So you're going to click student and it's going to ask you what institution do you attend or work for? You'll just click on higher education. And so he will just ask you some simple questions like what are you going to use Figma for? Why are you applying for educational plan? So I'm just going to quickly type in I have to use Figma or a university course. Okay. And we'll just click swimburn for the school name. Yeah. So make sure you actually select the super university of technology and not the Sarow campus. Yep. And you just go in and choose what the field of your study. If it's not placed in the drop-own form, you can just click others. Okay. So after filling in all the details, Figma will require you to add your timetable or class schedule or even a proof of enrollment like a COE so that they can confirm that you're actually the student studying at Swinburn and approve your educational license and they will also require you to put in your graduation date and after agreeing to the privacy policy terms and conditions and confirm that you are a student after you submit subitted, you will need to wait for Figma to approve to approve and that and to approve and give you the student the educational license. Sorry, they need to approve your account before you can get access to all the professional tools. Okay, so I'm just going to go back here. Sorry, I have to sign in again with my student account. Okay, perfect. Okay. So once you have successfully signed in you so this is the main page that you are going to see in once you open up Figma. So on default Figma is going to display the recent files that you have created because I have used quite a lot. So I have all the files displayed here the files that have opened up recently. But for you, it may be empty because maybe you don't have you didn't use Figma before. And you can Figma has suggestions of templates that you can select from at the top. But we're just going to leave this here for now. And we are going to focus on the left panel here. So on the left panel, if I click this, this shows like your account. You can check the themes. Let's say I think it's too bright on the interface. If I click on dark, it's going to change it to the dark team. It's better for my eyes. Okay. And then if I come down here, so Figma will create a team for. So what a team is actually if it's is actually a group which you can add people with a Figma account into that team and allow them to work on and collaborate on projects together. Okay. So under the team there are different options. So I'm just going to click on drafts. So what drafts is basically so if you create a file no matter what file you create it's going to go into a draft a design draft that you have not shared with anyone. So if I click on all projects you're going to see that there's a team project here which you can add people to your team and they can get access to the files within here. So in order to do that, what you can do is actually go to the right side, the top right, and click on the share button. And so here you can basically type in the person's email in order to share the link. And make sure you select can edit instead of can or else people are just going to look at your design and not be able to edit it. Okay, moving on. So the next one is trash. So what trash is basically you can just delete a project and it's not going to get permanently delete yet. So it's going to store here and in case you want to retrieve it, you can just come here and work on it. And the next one like admin is basically the same thing like the simple settings for you to like upgrade your plan or just invite more users to the team and other stuff. Yep. And the very bottom here like star is basically a favorite feature. So like if I go back into all projects and if I hover over the team project here you can see there's a yellow star here which if I uncheck it will just disappear from the start. But if I check it will just appear under there. So it makes it easier for me to get access to instead of just going into all projects and select it manually. Okay. Now we will check out this explore community. So Figma has a wide community which people will make designs and post it out. So you can check it out, open it at Figma and get some inspirations and also you can plug in some use some UI elements which people have already created like icons or maybe some designs that you are fond of and you want to let's say make reference of it. You can check out the community and open the files in Figma. Okay. So after all that explanation like how do you actually create a design file and get started to create a prototype in Figma. So if you go to the top right of Figma you will see the create new button here. And if I click on it there's a lot of different types of options. So there's design file which is the one we're going to use which allows you to create a prototype. And the second one, a f jam board is basically for people to do brainstorm sessions to give comments and generate ideas. And the third one, slide deck, allows you to create presentations and save it as a PDF, JPEG file. Yeah. For you to present. So it's basically presentation slides. So the three of this, what's different is that the files that they save are pretty different. So the design file you will save it on a Figma file. A fig gem board you will save on a on a Fig Jam file and the slide deck you will save as a PDF or JPEG like any other percentage or you can go to import if you want to let's say you have an existing design from another Figma file. You have used Figma before or let's say you just want to import an image and work on it. You can import it. It supports like JPEG, PDF and also PNG and almost all file types. Okay. So I'm just going to create a design file here. Okay. So on default this is the Figma workspace the Figma editor right here. So right now it's all blank because we have not created anything. So before this all gets confusing and everything, let's just focus on the middle pitch black area here. So what this is basically the editing canvas. So if I let's say I just create a shape here and everything I created, it's going to be within the editing canvas. If I drag it all towards the side, you can see it's not going to go to the left or right panel. Okay. So at the side of it, we have two panels which controls the basic settings of the Figma editor. So we are just going to focus on the left panel right here. So the left panel consists of the layers and pages of the Pikma and I will dive deep into what layers are, what pages are later after we create the prototype. And also you can click on assets which you can get access to like libraries like the UI elements, the logos, the icons that I have mentioned in the community and also if you click on this logo you can check out the file settings and also like the shortcuts and stuff. Okay. And as for the right panel, so the right panel controls the settings of whatever you have selected and created. So let's say if I just create a square here, you can see that a lot of settings you can choose from to adjust and just change whatever you have selected which in our case is a square and I will also dive deep into it later after we create a prototype. So the right panel also allows you to share which I will cover by the end after we create the prototype and also you can preview the designs that you have created. Okay. So we'll focus on the bottom here which you can see a tool bar is floating there. I'll just quickly create something before we dive into what all the functions all the tools down there are. So, I will just show you guys how to navigate around in case you guys just like sitting there and listening to me talking all day. I'll just show you how to move around. Okay. So, if you are using a trackpad, which I am, if you just drag left and right on the trackpad, you will just pan the editing canvas and also up and down as well. If I pinch on the trackpad, it's going to zoom in and zoom out. So, if you say, "Hold on a second. If I use let's say a mouse, I don't have to track. How do I pinch and everything? So what you can do is if I press on the space bar, you can see the arrows, the cursor turns into like a small hand. So that is called the hand tool. So with the space bar clicked on and if I clicked on the trackpad or the mouse, it grabs the screen and it allows me to move the editing canvas however I want. And also just the basic controls of how to zoom in and zoom out in Figma. It's Ctrl minus for zooming out and Ctrl + for zooming in. Okay, so let's say I'm having a fun time like navigating around and oh every time I have to drag and like move everything in place. So it's not very convenient. So what I will do is I can press shift one. So what this does is to fit whatever you have created on the editing canvas to fit to your screen. So you don't you don't have to let's say you're in the other area you couldn't see anything and you don't know wherever the stuff that you have created is you can just press shift one to just bring everything back to your site. Yep. Okay. Now that you guys know how to navigate around I would just focus on the toolbar. Come back to here again. So this one is the one that I've selected is called the move tool. So it's basically I can just select stuff, move them, move them around however I like. And for the second one is the frame tool. So what the frame tool is basically allow you to create frames of mobile or desktop interfaces. So you can add like UI elements like pictures and squares inside of the interface. So that did so the frame actually represents the screen of your mobile device or desktop device. And the next one is a rectangle. If I click on the arrow, the down button, you can see there's a lot of stuff to choose from like you can create an ellipse, a polygon or a rectangle. You can also drop down image and video which I will talk about later. And so there is a pen tool which is very common especially in the Adobe software where it allows you to create the free form shapes and allows you to create unique shapes using vector elements. And the next one is text which allows you to type in and create text. And we have the command to Q. So what the command to is let's say someone has already created something and if I click on it I can write a command like let's say hey that's cool okay so when and I'm going to just publish this. So when people are navigating around and let's say you're working together they will see your comment and they're going to see what you're going to write what's your feedback on the prototype and everything. So, I'm just going to remove this. Yep. Delete this thread. Delete. Yep. And the last one allows you to control to see the assets that you have already created or from the community and also install some plugins and widgets. Okay, so that's a lot of talking. So I'm actually going to start creating a an interface for a mobile page. So what you can do is basically click on anywhere on the editor and then just drag it out. So you can create any size of the frame you want. You can just kind of drag it out and everything. But you might say that hold on a second. If I want to create, let's say, the interface of like an iPhone 16, I don't want to just drag it however I want. I don't want it to be whatever size. So, what you can do is actually focus on the right panel here, which there is a lot of presets to choose from. So, I'm just going to click on iPhone 16 and then it's going to create the exact size of what an iPhone 16 interface is going to look like. So, I can move this around and everything. So, if you realize when I'm starting to move stuff around, I'm I always click on the name of the frame because later on if you have too much stuff inside the frame, you're going to select something else and not the frame itself. Okay. So, I'm going to make more frames now. So what you can do is actually Ctrl C or command C if you are using a Mac and Ctrl V to create multiple or what you can do is actually clicking one and press the Alt key or option key on a Mac and then you can see your cursor kind of splitting into two and if I click on it and I drag it this will duplicate an exact copy of what you have selected. Okay. So I'm going to delete that. I'm going to doubleclick on the name of the frame just to rename it. So I'm going to call this home page and the second one the main page and the third one product page. Okay. So after you see that I've created I have something within the editing canvas. If you look at the left panel, it appears on the layers so that you can you can see the elements which one is on top of which and because they are frames they are they are kind of like folders which is basically if I let's say create a shape within it and I drag it out you can see it kind of creates a sub element under the homepage. So you can see that it's actually under homepage and not something else by itself which you can see it just comes out from the homepage. Okay. So I'm going to delete this square. And right now what I'm going to do is create a logo. So I'm going to click on the down button. I'm going to create I'm going to click on eclipse lips. And by holding down the shift tool I can create a perfect square. So it doesn't become like an oval or distorted. Okay. And I'm also going to choose the rectangle tool and then create a rectangle. So I'm not going to hold down the shift key because that will give me a perfect square. Okay. So on the right side, the right panel, you can see there's a lot of options to change and adjust, but I'll go through it one by one. So if you come here to the position, I can change the X and Y axis of it. Let's say I want it to be 70. It's going to move to the exact position to the one I keyed in. So I don't want that. I just want it to be center aligned, which I already did. And what you can do is basically if you hover over the square, you can see that there is like this round circles, like small ones. If I click on it and I drag it, it's going to round the corner radius of the square so it doesn't appear like very sharp and edgy. Or what you can do is actually go to here the appearance and under corner radius you can change it manually by typing the exact number and it will change. But let's say hold on a minute I don't want all of the corners to change. I only want some parts. So what you can do is if you look at the right side of the corner radius there is an individual corners an icon say individual corners and after I click that I can choose let's say I want right side to be 50. Yep. And it's going to be very different to the other edges. Yep. Okay. So, just going to quickly show you like how to get things aligned and everything. So, let's say I want to make it center, but let's say your Figma sometimes it doesn't snap to like the middle or anything. It's like it's slightly off center. So, what should I do? So what you can do is basically click anywhere with your cursor and then drag it until you see a blue box is covering and containing the elements that you want. And then what I can do is go to the alignment and click align horizontal centers and they will align perfectly center. And so I'm going to drag here and move it to the center. Now I'm going to create more shapes by clicking shift this time to create a perfect square. And you can see okay so right now it's like the gaps between the shapes are very uneven. So I want to make it even. So how can I do that? I don't need to actually adjust it till it appears like perfectly. You can do that but sometimes it's a hassle to do that. So what you can do is select everything again. Go to the right panel and position alignment. You'll see the three dots here. Click it and you can click distribute vertical spacing. Oh, because I have everything perfectly aligned. So it's not going to work. Let me just move this and try again. If I click distribute vertical spacing and everything, all the elements is going to have the same gap. Okay. So, I'm just going to delete this and delete this. So, I'm going to teach you guys how to create text in Figma. So, if I press T for the text. So, there's two ways you can create text in Figma. So, one way is that you can click anywhere and drag. You will see a box here and you can type anything you want. But the bad thing about this is that if I type in if type let's say I want a long text if it reaches the edge of the box it will just go to the second line and you will have to adjust the box again. Yep. So what I recommend you guys to do is actually get the text tool and just click anywhere on the canvas. So right now you will see a line just blinking and then no matter how much I type it's going to go on forever and it's not going to go to the next line. Okay, I'm just going to type something like logo and right now it's going to appear very small. So, what I'm going to do is to select the text, go to the right panel, and under typography, I can change it. Let's say I don't like that font, and I can just choose whatever I want. Let's say this one looks cool. And I don't like it to be too thin. I want it to be slightly thicker. So, I can choose bold and adjust the font size. Okay, so that looks good. And right now I'm just going to profile align them centered. And so let's say I want it to be all caps. But I because I didn't type in with my caps lock on. So it appears like that. So what you can do is you don't have to retype it. You can just go all the way to here, type settings under typography. You click on it and under case you will see an uppercase. If you click on it, it's going to change everything to the upper case. And if you hover over the other settings, Figma is going to show you what exactly they do. So let's say I hover this underline. Is it going to show It doesn't really show, but it is going to show you like what the effects are going to are going to be, but it doesn't show. You can just click on it and see what it does. >> Okay. >> So, you guys can play with it yourself and explore what all the options are. Okay. So, the text, as you guys know, like the box around it is not actually the text itself. Is actually a container containing the text. So if let's say the box is like too big, too long and I want the logo to be in the middle. So what you can do is actually come here under alignment and click on align center. So it appears at the center no matter how much I expand the box and everything. So it's so it's always going to be at the center. Okay. So now that we have the look, we have the text, we have the shape. So right now I'm going to show you guys how to add images and pictures thank to Figma. So on your keyboard you can click control alternate K. Oh, it doesn't work. Oh, it's actually control shift K or command shift K on Mac. So, it will bring up your windows and your documents. And then if I go to pictures, I'm going to find the files that I need. Okay. So let's say I select this image and I click on open. So Figma is not going to just throw the image into the editing space. What it will do is you can see a small image that's below your cursor and you can drag it and just whatever size you want. And the other way to drop in an image is that you just open your file and then just drag the image in there. But what that will do is it will just fill the wall frame and it's it to its original size. I'm just going to delete it and then Okay, now that we have the image brought in, I'm going to show you guys how to quickly adjust or crop the image. So the easiest way to crop the image is basically you hover it and then right click and if you go on to frame selection it will just make the image a frame by itself. So it will just create a blue container around the image. It's not the image itself but it's a frame similar to the ones we have here. So, as you can see, if I drag it, it doesn't really affect the image because clip content is not on. So, if I click on clip content, it's going to crop the image. And let's say I want the corner radius, the bottom corner radius, I'm going to set it to 30 on the left side and 30 on the right side. And if I doubleclick on the frame, it will go in and select the image or whatever you have inside. And I'm just going to move it and scale it to the size that I want and show what I want. Oh, so if your cursor goes too much outside of the frame, it will just leave the frame. It will just detach from it. Okay. And that's the easiest way of how you can crop an image quickly. So the there's another way that you can do it is basically if you doubleclick on the image, this menu will pop up which you can adjust the exposure, the contrast and the saturation and other stuff just in case you didn't edit your image and you want to make changes. So under field you can click on it and you can click crop. So then you can crop the image manually. And this is kind of like the long way. So with the frame selection, that's the easiest way you can crop an image. So what I'm going to do is select the image, click on alternate to duplicate it to the next frame. Or what you can do is basically because I duplicated using the Alt key and kind of drag it in. So you can see it's not aligned. It's not exactly like the position it was on the first frame. So, I'm going to delete it. I'm going to click on this. Ctrl C for copy. And I click on the next frame. If I click Ctrl +V for paste, it's going to place it the exact position of where it was at the previous frame. Okay. So, I'm going to quickly duplicate this. I'm just going to create four of them and quickly select everything by holding the shift key and then just clicking on it. I'm going to resize it. Oh, I didn't select that one. So again, the shift key and resize it fit the screen. Make it centrally aligned. So with multiple objects selected and you hover it, what you can see is that there are this pink circles and what you can do is by dragging it to the other to the other items that you have selected, it will switch places and yeah it will switch places and it will not get distorted. It will just change places. And the next thing of what you can do is a button. So a button is very important for a prototype is because that it allows you to navigate to other pages from a certain page. So in Figma, you couldn't really just add a button. You have to create it using basic shapes. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to click on R, drag out a rectangle, and click on text. So I'm just going to type next. Next page. Going to adjust the size. So, I'm going to come down here. I'm going to change the fill. If I double click this, I can drag it and adjust the corner radius, maybe like 20, and add a stroke. I want it to have a weight of two. So if I select the text, currently it's a bit too big. I would want it to be smaller. I can just change the font size to maybe like 16. 16 is too small. I'll just choose like 20. Yep. And after that, what I can do is basically I drag this into the text into the button, the square. Yep. So right now the button is not very responsive. What I mean by that is that if I drag this square, it's not one thing. It's basically separate. The text is staying on top of the rectangle and it's not one component. So what I can do is select both of them and I can click control alternate K to create a component. So what a component is basically a group. But the difference between it and a group is after I duplicate the object and let's say after you have a lot of elements created and you receive feedback that it doesn't look good, you don't have to change everything separately. So what you can do is click on the component you have created. If I change it, let's say I change the color from red to white, you can see all of the instances you created will change according. Okay. So now with the button created, I'm going to go to layout and go to this icon here. Choose auto layout. So what auto layout does is basically make it responsive. So when I drag this, the text is going to stay within the cart. So right now it doesn't do that. What I'm going to do is go to the height, click on the down button, add the hot contents, and doubleclick it and go to the text within it. And with the width I'm going to click fill container. So right now you can see if I let's say resize the button the text is going to the text is going to change according to the size of the container. Okay. So, with all the text, with all the buttons selected, I'm just going to drag one here to the page and one to this page. Okay. So, because the stuff that you have duplicated from the component is affected by the main component itself. So, whatever changes you made to the main component will affect the ones you copied. So, but I can do something called overwrite which is by selecting this the child and if I double click on a field I can select a different color. Oops. Yep. I can select a different color and as you can see it doesn't affect the main component. Okay. So the next up I'm going to after you have created the interface and everything to however you like on Figma the design the design phase and what I'm going to do is go to the right side panel click on prototype and I can just hover over the buttons and I can see that there are blue circles over the button. So if I click on it, I drag on it, you can see arrows appearing. So what this does is let's say if I point it at the homepage, it what this says is basically if I tap on this button, the trigger, if I tap on this button, it will navigate to the homepage. And it will be an instant interaction. So let me just quickly show you guys how this works. So if I click on this page and I click on present. So it will just create a new window for you and to test out the your prototype that you have created. So if I click on it, yep, it's going to navigate to the homepage. So, I'm just going to go back into it and because the main component has made some changes. So, if I click on the other buttons that are copied and paste from the main component, you can see all the prototype lines, all of the buttons are navigating to the homepage. But I can override it by clicking on the arrow and drag it and point it at the product page. So that is how you can make different pages. You can navigate from a page to the second one. Yep. And under that. Okay. So now right here you can see there's something called a flow. So what the flow is that if I don't have anything selected and I click present, what it's going to do it's it's going to show it's going to start with that page that has a bit baggy. Come on. Yep. So it will just show that page with the flow selected. So right now you can create multiple flows. If I just click on this and click on another flow. So if I click on present again so let's say later on you will create like specific pages for like blocking. You just want to show people about a certain process like certain pages. You can assign a flow and click that flow so it starts from that page instead of the beginning. Okay, so that's one way to test out your prototype. The other way is that you can click on the arrow and you can go to preview mode. If I click on it, you can see a mobile view. The mobile is popping up and whatever changes I make let's say if I change this if I want to change the color I go back to design I want to change this color to let's say red yep so the preview is adapting and everything so you can kind of work on it and see how it works and if I click on it's going to be working and interactive as well like the present Okay. So after you have created your prototype, you have tested out and it works and you want to share it with other people, what you can do is go to the share button here. If I click on it, this setting will pop up saying where you want to share this file. What I can do is if I click on copy link and I'll just open up a sorry a new window actually I need incognito window and I'll just place the link here. So when people open up the link this is what they're going to see. So what you are sharing just now is actually the editor like the project you are working on. So people can make edits, leave comments, and make changes. And they can also pre preview it. But if you if the people you are sharing to doesn't have a female account, they are required to sign up and log in. Okay. So that's cool. But what if you only I'm sorry. So what if you only want to let's say share the prototype? You don't want to share the entire file and let people to make changes. So what you can do is I will go back here to the present mode and you can see here there's a share prototype button. If I click on it and I copy this link I will go back to the incognito mode. If I paste this link, it's only going to show people the prototype like the present mode, the preview and show us how your design is going to look like. People cannot make edits. Yep. And people are not required to sign in or log in to Figma in order to try out your prototype and give you feedback. Okay. So, I'm going to go back to here. Click on that again. So the other stuff you can do is basically you can publish the community and other people can get access to your files and also use it and also you can share it to the team. You can move it to the project. Select the team project and move it there so that people who join your team can also get access to the files without having to just copy paste the links to the groups or like individual people to get access to your files. Okay, so that's basically how you can work on Figma. How to make your first prototype, how to add shapes, text, and how to share your prototype with other people.