Welcome everybody. Thank you so much for all making it and thank you so much to all of our speakers. We really appreciate you all being able to come on to this webinar and speak with all of our members. Thank you to Swimburn Careers and Employability Daniel for collaborating with us and helping all of this happen. And also to campus consultancy who are sponsoring us and there is a lucky draw prize which will be picked at random at the end of the event which is a $25 Uber Eats gift voucher. I if we go to the next slide yeah just acknowledgement of country on behalf of those present I acknowledge the Wandererie people of the Cooland nation who are the traditional custodians of land on which we now meet. I pay my respects to the elders past, present, and emerging. I also pay my respect to the Aboriginal and toouristrate islander people of Australia and hope that the path towards reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. So now I'd like to introduce our speakers for today. If you all could give a small introduction, tell me tell everyone of what your current job is and what you studied in university, that would be great. Starting off with Maria. Would you like to start? >> Oh, good afternoon everyone. , thanks for having me. So, , first of all, I just a minor correction. My background is mechanical and manufacturing engineering. Not quite civil, but that's fine. , and I currently work within ALS Global, which is an ASX00 inspection and testing business, and I manage Victoria for the asset care division. So I look after a team of about 50 people here in Victoria across Melbourne and Teralen and a combination of a cross-disciplinary engineering team and also technicians who do inspection and testing work on various sites across power, mining, oil and gas you know really quite sort of diversified customer base. So, a little bit about me. I studied mechanical and manufacturing engineering at Melbourne Uni a very long time ago, over 20 years ago. And since also completed my MBA at the Melbourne Business School about five or six years after I finished my undergrad degree. I also did a maths major in my science degree in my undergrad. Have worked for most of my career in non-technical areas. I've spent most of my career within General Motors here in Melbourne with Holden and in Singapore with our international operations and I've worked across manufacturing running engineering teams in manufacturing operations in manufacturing spent a couple of years in finance where I really sort of learned you know all about P&Ls and how all that works and then moved into sort of planning and program management led that team in Australia for am worked for the managing director here in Australia in sort of a 2IC type role. I led communications for a while there as well for Holden and then worked in Singapore for three years leading planning for the region. Which was a lot of restructuring and a lot of work with BA across Asia Middle East and Africa. So I've been at ALS for about six months now. So completely different, nothing to do with automotive but still an engineering organization. And I suppose what I've you know learned through my time is you know the skills the skills that you learn through your engineering course around how to make good decisions, how to use data and how to really problem solve you know really work well in many different environments. And for me this was this is a real step for moving outside of the automotive sector because I wanted to come back to Australia and not much going on in Australia in auto and you know really looking at a different sector. So it's been it's good fun. It's nice to try something totally different. I don't know a lot about any of the technical stuff but I've always been in roles where I've where I've led technical people. So I know enough to ask enough questions and can understand those technical answers which helpful in technical organizations when you're managing when you're managing engineers. That's amazing. Thank you so much for that. >> , next, Nicole, would you like to go introduce yourself? >> Yeah, sure. Thanks very much. , so, hi everyone. My name is Nicole Brown. I currently work as a structural engineer at ACEOM. I graduated from University of Melbourne in 2016 from a master's of civil engineering or structural engineering and completed a bachelor of science before that. So my experiences in engineering or where I've got to how I've got to where I am today. While I was at university, I was heavily involved in volunteer groups. In particular, one called Robo Girls, which I'm the former CEO of Robo Global. So in that role, I had the opportunity to meet and work with incredible engineers from all across the world and try to improve the numbers that we see for women in STEM and engineering. So similar to what this group is doing connecting with other women in the business in the industry and hopefully improving the numbers as we go forward. I after graduating from university I joined a company as a structural engineer which I'd who I'd worked for throughout my university degree. So I had a cadet ship in working in a structural team which was fantastic and moved to ACOM last June. So coming up on a year in which I've been there and I guess my everyday role is currently designing high-rise concrete structures which I'm very much enjoying. It's it's got some nice challenges to it but very technically focused. My previous role in my other company was very much project management and client focused. So within the first three years of my career I've had the opportunity to work across various disciplines and gain a very broad range of skills. So, thank you for having me today. >> Thank you for coming. Thank you so much for sharing. , Felicity, would you like to go next? >> Sure. Hi everyone. My name is Felicity Fury. I studied civil engineering at Qout in Brisbane. I graduated in 2007, which seems like a fair amount of time ago now. And most of my career has been in the civil engineering industry. So, a lot of work on major infrastructure projects. So, I've worked in Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne. So, I like to say if you've driven on a road in one of those cities, you've probably driven on a road that I helped build or make safe. , my current role is actually at Swinburn University. So, I'm the director of industry partnerships at the engineering practice academy. So, what that involves is working with a whole range of different businesses and partners that we have at Swinburn. So from anyone like Jewelax or Air Services Australia to more of the traditional engineering companies like Turner and Townsen who do project management and I find really exciting and different projects for students to work on. So it's kind of like my consulting role that I've had in the past but now doing it in the university and helping students find some cool projects. Like Nicole, I'm really passionate about inspiring women into engineering. So as a bit of a problem solver I saw the women in engineering was a problem that needs to be solved. So I also started a not for profofit called power of engineering and we run free one-day events for girls and regional students to find out about engineering careers and shift their perception. So we've reached over 10,000 students now across Australia. We're very lucky to have Maria on our advisory board helping us with our strategy and where we're going. So I'm also on our advisory committee now. And I also run a couple of other businesses with my husband in property. So I'm sort of engineer slash business social entrepreneur as well. And I think engineering can really help you run you know businesses and solve problems. It's not just within the engineering field as you know Nicole and Maria have already shared about their careers. There's so many different pathways and opportunities. So, thanks for having me here. >> Thank you. That's amazing. , VA, would you like to please go next? >> Okay, good. Yeah, I a bit struggle with my internet connection. Sorry about that. So, my story is a bit different from all of these fantastic , you know, , stories. So, I immigrate to Australia just 10 years ago. So, I'm coming from , my home country, Iran. So I guess I start with what I've done from when I immigrate to Australia. So I did my PhD in school of science in the chemistry biotechnology department and then I appointed with the lecture position right after my PhD. So I was lucky to come to have this position in the same department that I did study and I really enjoy it and I guess now swim my yeah Australia my home country and Swimburn it's also home I don't know it's somehow I feel like I'm really connected to Simb and I feel really connected with them especially if you are international students. So recently like not I mean for the last three years I am also appointed with the six deputy academic director student engagement working with Angela Carboni Franu and Keslan to see what we can do for she beta are you there? , beta, can you hear me? >> Sony, could you please go ahead? So, I need to use off my backup. >> Okay, sure. Sure. We'll continue. Okay. Well, thank you so much for every everyone to for introducing yourselves. , we can move on to our gen general questions. Daniel, would you like to begin? >> Yes, I'll go first. So, , thanks for all of your insights. It's really good to hear everyone's story. , there's obviously lots of passion for helping young women develop in STEM, which is really exciting. So, my first question is, what is the best part of your current job or jobs or businesses? And also, what is the most challenging dayto-day? Maybe start with you, , Maria. We'll go down the order. Certainly I think the most rewarding part of my role is re really bringing you know a diverse group of people together who are working on sort of different parts different jobs but just helping them understand how it all fits together. And I suppose one of the things with ALS is we have a lot of our technicians working on sites you know on their own or in small groups. So it's quite different, you know, in those sort of consulting environments where you're sort of everyone sort of scattered. So, so it's quite different to having everyone sort of under the same roof you know, as you would with a traditional business. So I would say that's you know that's also probably the biggest challenge engaging staff when they're not in the office and particularly our technical guys start from start from home and end at home basically. So we don't often see them in the office and certainly with co 19 we've got additional challenges there where we're where we're just ensuring that we don't have too many people in the one place obviously. So you know so with that you know really just trying to keep thea engagement up by ensuring we've got enough forums for them to engage broadly with the business to understand what else is going on because they can only see sort of a small part of what's happening within their roles and really helping them connect in. So for the technicians to get a better understanding of say some of the advanced technology that we're rolling out and how that can work how that can help them in their roles and also you know what our engineers are doing and how that can help them with their roles as well. So really just trying to you know to connect those dots and just to make sure that people feel connected when they're not working in the same place. It's certainly the biggest challenge in this current role. Together with you know I really don't understand a lot of the technical stuff that we do. So being quite new into the organization and I and I don't need to because I've got you know fabulous technical people around me. But it certainly is a challenge because I don't come from an inspection background and a lot of the work is highly technical you know quite you know standard specific and so forth. , and I've deliberately, I suppose, avoided trying to get into the details of that because I don't need to get into those details in my role. So, so it's really being able to, you know, ask enough questions to understand what's going on and to be able to add value, but not to feel like I need to sort of get into, you know, every minutia detail. So, trust the people in our team to actually execute on the detail, which they do fabulously. >> Awesome. What about you, Bea? Did you hear the question? Yes. Okay. So, I guess if I want to answer to your question, Daniel, the best part of my job is my ongoing learning journey which I started when I was five years old. So now I still having this opportunity to work as a lecturer in the school and having all of these young people long students coming and to the you know university going to the orientation feel like you are one year older but still students coming with same age. So and how you can encourage them, inspire them to the science. This is the best part of my job and I guess if I want to answer the most challenging for me personally is I try to understand how we can engage non-engaged students. So this is my challenge. So because I guess we all know from the survey data that about% of the students or less than that. So there are mission and especially as part of the student engagement we really would like to find out what can works for a student so we can address those and we can share with our colleague in the I don't know if I am a trouble here I'm happy to just be silent I just go for one more practice and if it doesn't work. I don't want to deserve the meeting. >> Okay. But we do want to hear your insight. So, yeah, see if you can get it working. >> All right, Nicole. >> Thanks, Daniel. , so when I'm thinking about the best part of my job, having I still classified as recently changed companies, I think the best part of my job is just the constant challenges that I'm facing. So moving to a large company like ACOM, the projects are of quite a large scale which is really exciting. And at the moment I'm working on, as I mentioned, a new commercial high-rise tower of concrete for Melbourne. Now when I think about what I've been actually doing for the last, say, four months, I've been designing concrete floor plates. And while some people might see that as entirely repetitive, every day there's new things that I'm learning. Similar to what Beta said, there's new things that I'm learning. There's new challenges that I have to overcome. It's the problem solving. Like Felicity was saying, it's okay. Well, what's more efficient? What's constructible? What do I have to consider when I'm doing this? Who can I talk to? So, for me, I just love the challenge that's associated with the engineering problems that we face, which is I guess leads into what's the most challenging part of my job is at the moment at the early stages of my career, it's the technical Having been three years this I think this is my yeah this is my third year out of university. It becomes there's a there's a lot that you learn on the job and there's a lot that the workplaces do that's different. So for me most challenging part is just the constant learning curve that's in front of you when you enter into the workplace. But it may be challenging but it's also one of the most exciting things that you can do. >> Awesome. Thanks Felicity. I can definitely relate to all the points everyone shared already and I was really surprised actually to be like to work as an engineer and then realize actually how creative the role is and I think that links in really well with the problem solving and one of the most rewarding things about my role at the moment is I get to be really independent in my work and I get to figure out there's you know this problem that we have we need to get industry partners we need to find projects how do we do that and often I'm starting from a point of I have no idea how do I, you know, be creative and find solutions? And I think that is the most rewarding part, but also the most challenging in the sense of often I have not a big idea of what I'm doing and I'm trying to figure it out and discover it. And it's great that we've got such a great team of people that I can ask those questions of. And I really like that I get to come up with a solution and then see if it's going to work to make something happen. I think a lot of engineers do that in their role is figure out how to make something happen and often you do make mistakes and that can be frustrating because you think that you had the right answer or the right pathway but then again you've got to go back and be creative and come up with other solutions. So in my role right now it is that balance of the challenge and the reward of that creativity and problem solving and I think that most engineers would experience it in whatever they're doing. Thanks for listening. Thanks everyone for sharing. I'll pass over to Sanduni now for the next question. >> Thank you Daniel. So all of you have done an extra course or extra studies on top of your engineering or your original degrees such as like teaching and leadership, business management. My question is firstly like why did you decide on the career pathway that you chose and did you expect to be where you are today when you started university? Did you expect to do an extra to study a completely different course after your degree? What was that pathway like for you? Maybe could we start with Maria? Would you like to start? >> Yeah, certainly. I think for me I think like many others you know engineering was a bit of a process of it was a bit of a process of elimination. Didn't want to be a doctor, didn't want to be a lawyer, didn't want to be an accountant and you know I was really interested in engineering because of the breadth and the variety of the different types of roles and pathways that you can move into and it certainly has played out that way through my career. So that's what initially drew me into engineering. , you know, I couldn't imagine sort of being a dentist and being in people's mouths, you know, all day. No, no disrespect to dentists or anything, but it just it wasn't for me. , and I always I've always had a had a love for being involved in business and at the time, this is again showing my age, I couldn't do mechanical engineering and business at the same time. So although it was something that I wanted to do, it wasn't actually available as a as a dual course. So, so I studied engineering and science as my undergrad and you know wanted to do psychology and was then told that was going to take about seven or eight years to get out the other end if I chose that option. So, you know, I quickly reverted to a maths and physics major, you know, as the realities of trying to actually get out in five years you know, were quite real to me. And so that's really what led me to my undergrad path. And you know mechanical for me was really I didn't really like electrical things too much and I didn't want to do civil. So again it was a bit of a process of elimination and it felt like it was quite a broad stream and quite liked physics and so forth. So I always had the intention of doing my MBA while I was at uni because of because of that business component that I was interested in and I found that it was a huge gap within the engineering training and I know it is still in a lot of engineering training which I find incredibly astounding considering you know lots of engineers manage you know lots of you know really big projects and you know money is a really important part in all of that. , so I think they're they're really complimentary. , I did want to work for a few years before going into postgrad work. And I think it was it was I think it's I would highly recommend working and leading people and having that firsthand experience before embarking onto postgrad you know MBAs and so forth because you just you certainly get a more of a richness and you can you can understand sort of how those how those things play out in reality while you're while you're doing it. So that's that's definitely what got me on that trajectory. I vowed I would never work in the auto industry after you know I did have quite an awful work experience stint at Ford and you know after working at Shell for a couple of years in petroleum you know I did move over into auto and you know I think I had I had this I had this vision of what you do as an engineer in auto businesses I think we had a couple of people at uni come and talk to us about you know they spent the last four years designing doorork knobs or something and I was just like oh my gosh me now if that's what I'm going to be doing. You know and yes there are those roles and there are those detailed technical roles in a whole lot of different areas. That's not what I wanted to do and you know I can certainly I can certainly recommend you know working for large organizations as Nicole just mentioned particularly multinational ones because of the breadth and the diversity because of the diversity of people that you work with throughout the global organizations and the opportunities that are that are available within those. So I don't think I've been in a role for more than about three years in my whole career. And you know have been able to sort of work across lots of different functions which has really just been linked in with my you know my aim to just move into the GM type space and really just stay in sort of that in that sort of general management and leadership space. I've worked across most functions throughout my career which has been fantastic. >> Thank you. So was the transition from going from working to then postgrad. What was that transition like? >> Yeah. I studied part-time while I was working full-time and it was completely exhausting doing a doing a yeah doing a masters over three and a third years with two subjects two nights a week plus syndicate stuff on weekends and working full-time in my first what was my first role where I was I was leading a team of 15 engineers at the time including a union shop steward and some technical people and so forth in what was quite an industrialized environment. So certainly challenging but also you know it's what enabled me to then take on my next role which was to move into finance. So if I hadn't have picked up my if I wasn't doing my postgrad studies I wouldn't have been able to move into the finance role that I was able to move into. So it really worked complimentary you know and GM were amazingly supportive in terms of supporting postgrad studies and so forth through that. So it worked really well. , not it's not great for work life balance, I've got to say. , because between work and , you know, and , and doing a masters at the same time, there wasn't too much time left for anything in between. It's a little bit of a blur. So, , I was just married when we when I started that and , didn't have kids until after I was done with that and I'm kind of glad that I chose that timing actually in hindsight. >> Okay. Thank you. Felicity, would you like to go next? >> Yeah, sure. Well, I think I'm the least qualified person in this group. I did my degree and then I did a diploma of project management while I was at Brisbane City Council and that was great to be able to do something that I, you know, I was working as a project manager. So, it was really applicable to my role and it was fortunate that the council paid for that. And probably the biggest thing I learned from it was that I had been so trained as an engineer to think like an engineer. When I then went into a project management role, I was really biased towards the engineering parts of the project. And there was a lot of other things that I needed to consider. I need to think about the community impacts of our work. I need to think about budget and finance. I need to think about the schedule and keeping things on time and quality control. So it was really good to do some different study because then it opened up my mind to different perspectives and also the biases that I had because I'd been trained in that engineering mindset and I think the engineering mindset is super helpful and relevant for you if you're going to be an engineer and I think it helps in business as well and I love there's this great stat which is 34% of Fortune 500 companies and S&P 500 companies are actually engineers which is more than economic economists and it's more than people who have an MBA. So obviously that engineering training is really helpful and powerful but I think it's been also good to get different experiences like the diploma of project management. And I've done some other leadership courses which have been short courses. I've done all kinds of things like a two-day workshop at Naiddera on TV presenting which was really fun and also taught me a lot of other skills which has certainly helped me with public speaking and being a communicator as well. So I think you know you can open your mind up to other study not just degrees and qualifications but if there's something you want to pursue and something you're passionate about particularly communication I think and leadership are such powerful tools in any career there's a lot of opportunities where you can explore some other courses I actually did the Naido one twice because I loved it so much and I would highly recommend it. >> Thank you Felicity Beta. Would you like to go next? Yes, sure. , I was thinking about your question and it's just remind me of the journey that I had to come to Australia. So I came to Australia when I did not had a chance to speak in English before I immigrate to Australia. So you can imagine my challenge when I came here and of course because I'm very passionate about learning and teaching. So when I was in high school, I was asked by my f friends to teach them about the complicated topic that they didn't able to learn in the class and they told me that I'm able to simplify the complicated topic for them to be more understandable. So I was inspired by feedbacks. But I just want to explore my life to find out who I am. What do you want to who I want to be in future and based on my ability and based on my opportunities and based on whatever it's coming to my life. So I came here and obviously the first thing that I started I wanted to my research and then my PhD. So I just wanted to let you know that it was totally different experience for me to just start talking in English and having the PhD in English. It was a big challenge sometimes. And I knew that if I want to compete with my friends that I love them. So I really need to work hard but at the same time I believe in myself and I believe that I should follow my dreams. So I work hard during my PhD. I work as a sessional teacher in the department. I collaborate on different activities with my and I really want to say my mentors are the big I think there are very critical important to for the person I am now and for the position that I am holding now. So everyone should have a right mentor and I guess yeah the transition from immigrating to Australia and then from being a resident in Australia to start a to study as a PhD and then from PhD to an academic in a university in Australia are three main steps. And I learned a lot from what I've done and yeah I guess of the great advices from my mentors. >> Okay. Thank you so much VA. Nicole would you like to go next? >> Yeah sure. So when looking at career pathways and I guess the professional qualifications that was we discussed earlier my I did complete a bachelor of science and a masters of engineering. The reason for doing that as I chose Melbourne I was the first year of the new Melbourne model which means that it's a bachelor degree plus a masters to get your engineering qualification. So to me the higher education degree was just the normal degree that I was that was necessary for me to become an engineer. However, when I was deciding what mast's engineering or master's degree to actually complete, there was a few different options that were available, one was a masters of engineering straight and one was a masters of engineering with business. And I guess I wanted to take the opportunity to highlight that all your learnings don't necessarily have to come from the formal education side of things. There's a lot that you can gain from experience. So I ended up choosing a masters of engineering plain and simple without the business. And the reason being that at the time I was working and volunteering in the not for-p profofit robo gals and gaining a lot of vital or very or very usable business skills through my volunteering work. So some people on this call you may have had volunteering experiences with different outreach organizations with local community groups and all these skills can really help shape the person that you are. And I can 100% say for sure that I would not be where I am today without that experience I gained through volunteering. So in terms of how I've got into the position I'm in today and was it what I expected in some ways it is. , and I'd say a lot of people wouldn't tend to say yes to that question, but I always I came out of university or I started university wanting to become an engineer. And through my work in volunteering, I always had a very strong passion for encouraging women in engineering, but also for the global nature of business, the global nature of the world in which we live in today. If you go back 20, 30 years, I'd imagine that we wouldn't be as connected as we are with the world in that we are in today's world. So to me, working for a big company like ACOM is always where I pictured myself being. And I'm just I love the opportunity to work with people across different countries, AC from different cultures, learning about their the challenges that they face and seeing how we can work together. So, I have really built up my career thus far to what I'm hoping it to be. , but looking to see what I can do in the future to make more of an impact. >> Okay. Thank you so much. , Daniel, would you like to continue onwards? >> Yes, I will. So, you're all very well decorated in your careers and very established. , if you can take us back to that transition from your studies or from university into the workplace, do you have one just one tip for students in regards to making that a successful transition from university to work? Maria? >> Yeah, certainly. I think respect the experience that's within the organization because you can learn so much from lots of different people. My first role was in was in a factory in that manufacturing space. So a lot of interaction with operators, production line staff, maintenance personnel and so forth. And I certainly learned a great deal as being part of that team. So, and you know, I think and you did say one tip and I think second tip is that you probably won't use a lot of what you learned at uni depending on the on the role that you move into and just be prepared to continue to learn. You know, uni courses cover like a lot of breadth but not in very much detail and depending on the roles that you move into you know, there'll be a lot more detail whether it's technical or not in the area that you're that you're moving into. So, so be prepared to just be a continual learner through your journey and don't be afraid to ask questions and to reach out to people within the organization. And I think as I think as be as beta mentioned, you know, do not at all feel hesitant in reaching out for reaching out to somebody who you respect to act as a mentor for you because it can certainly help you know in those early days really understand what the organization's like. >> Thanks Maria Ba. Oh okay. So following what Maria mentioned, I believe at least in my experience, this professional networking was a very big deal for me when I trans when I finish my study as a PhD student. So and the For me this meant from my mentors and I guess if I want to consider something the right communication with the right the right people who can in who can deal support you with what you is very important. Thanks, Peter. Nicole, >> I had a I guess a different experience to a lot of people where, as I mentioned, I did have a cadet chip through my university degree. So, I was fortunate to receive a cadet chip when I finished high school and I worked for the same company all throughout my university degree and then for two years after I graduated. So the transition into the workplace for me from a company perspective was nothing that I wasn't I hadn't experienced before. I knew the people, I knew the team and I knew what to expect when I came in. But one thing that I think a lot of people don't consider is it is a big shift moving from a university mindset into a workplace mindset. Typical workplaces have your 8:30 to 5 or 9 till 5 working hours and then you sign off to head home. I know I'm noticing at some of the larger companies those hours or it can be more flexible and I think the situation we're in now with co hopefully we will see more flexibility and work hours moving out of it which I think will be a fantastic thing but for a young engineer moving from a university to workplace it's getting into a balance and a routine that suits you. So for me it was making sure I had time to exercise, making sure I had time to spend with my partner. The volunteering was still important to me. So finding time for that. So moving on to the workplace, it's about reassessing what you're really passionate about. Working is one part of your life, but is not your whole life. So looking at diversifying what you're interested in doing to what suits you and that includes taking care of your own mental well-being. And I struggled for the first 6 months in switching off from work when I left. And it's finding those tricks that help you. So for me, it was doing exercise in the morning, started my day, and then when I got home, it was having a 10-minute debrief with my partner as to what he did today, what I did today, and then we could move on as per normal. So, it's finding those little things that will really help you transition from that university mindset to a workplace mindset. >> Thanks, Nicole. That's really insightful, Felicity. >> Yeah. So, I had a bit of a different experience again. , there are no engineers in my family, so I had no idea what engineering would be like. I really didn't actually know what it was at uni either. And I did, it was great doing some work experience while I was at uni. So, I worked on a construction site as a site engineer and that was really helpful. , and it kind of showed me that I didn't really want to go work in construction. I my reasoning for my decisions is was quite funny looking back on it, but I saw the kind of pay that you would get versus the number of hours. So I thought consulting was going to be a better option because they seem to get paid similar or about the same and the hours appeared to be less on in the contract on paper. So I sort of made a list. I said I wanted to work at a big company that had lots of variety so I could move around and try lots of things. There was a couple other things. I can't remember them now, but that kind of molded my decision. And it was right before the global financial crisis. So I ended up getting offered four or five jobs. And so I really, it was amazing. I got to choose where I wanted to go. And I ended up choosing a consulting company. And I remember when I went in for the interview, they looked at my academic transcript and they said, "You performed worse in the worst marks you got were in structural engineering, so we're going to put you in the structural team so you can improve. " And I at the time I thought that's really strange but I didn't question it because I didn't really know. I thought okay maybe this is what happens at work and I went into the structural team which was terrible for me because I am such a people person and I love I love project management being a leader but I thought oh well this manager must know so I'm going to go be a structural engineer. And it was a really challenging role for me because I thought from that role that engineers sat at their desk all day and did calculations and to be a good engineer I kind of had to pretend I was good at maths and good at doing calculations even though it was very hard for me to do that role. I ended up actually getting made redundant because then the global financial crisis happened and I went into project management. So it was a bit of a blessing in disguise. But if I look back on that tr transition from uni to work, what I wish I had done was being really confident in my strengths and my abilities and we need all kinds of people to be engineers. We need people who are really good at the detailed calculations and we need people who are great communicators. So I think really understanding your strengths is really powerful and being okay to share that with your new manager. Like I wish I'd said to the person that meeting, I actually hate like hate the detailed calculation and I would have saved myself two years of sitting at a desk doing those calculations and just pretending that I was, you know, trying to be good at it. And I think your manager is also important. And I have had good managers and I've had bad managers. And sometimes it's hard to tell from those initial interviews if your manager is going to be supportive or good or not. And that was probably a red flag in that meeting. I wish I'd sort of gone, ah, maybe I should rethink this role. But even if you do have a bad manager, there's still lots of things you can do. I have so many mentors and so many people that can help and support me. So if you do get a bad one, that's okay. There's other ways around it. But I think that would be another thing to look for is having the right manager as well as understanding what your strengths are. >> Thanks, Felicity. Thank you all for the answers there. I'm always fascinated by that little period of life where you go from university to work. But really good insights. So thanks Sanduni. >> I think we'll move on to questions discussion questions about women in STEM in the workforce. In your opinion, why is STEM such an important industry and why is it important to have a diverse workplace? It's a topic that's being discussed quite a bit. I want to know what are your insights? What do you think why do you think it's important and why is it something that needs to be discussed? Maria, would you like to begin? >> yeah, certainly. I think I think starting studying in auto is interesting because it is typically a male-dominated area as is mechanical engineering and I suppose it's quite sobering to look at you know the stats today versus when I was studying and they're not that different which is concerning and you know why I'm interested in groups like power of engineering and so forth in terms of trying to trying to shift that. I think engineering is increasingly important particularly as we're moving more into you know into data analytics for you know everything we do and the engineering training and mindset and really you know that focus on making decisions based on data and understanding the numerousy type of the numerousy side of things I think is just critical in you know so many new and emerging roles that are coming out in that space you know sort of adjacent to engineering just in that analytic space. So if we look at sort of autonomous you know vehicles planes all of that sort of stuff there's a whole lot of data stuff that's that's linked with all of that. So from that perspective, you know, I think STEM's just massively important and it is quite concerning just in terms of the drop off rates that we have with girls both at school and then you know moving into university in terms of both engineering and IT really and you know the number of professions that women will be locked out of if they're not looking at taking on those opportunities. So massively important. Now I've forgotten Sadini what your sec the second part of your question was I started rambling. >> I just it was just about like why is STEM such an important industry and why is it important to have a diverse workplace? >> Oh diverse workforce of course. Yes. Going back to auto you know women make up most purchasing decisions in lots of in lots of areas. I think in automotive it was you know 80% of the decisions made by women. So having a whole lot of men designing cars is probably not such a great thing. You know we have in most parts of the world equal numbers of women and men driving vehicles. This is just one tangible example that you know people are quite aware of. And you know there's you know lots of stats and information around you know really kind of basic things where you know crash dummies and so forth have all been you know based on male percentiles etc. So, so until women are involved in those processes all the way you know through from you know early design through the concepts in terms of you know looking at functionality of vehicles you know usages are quite different between men and women you know different sized families or not recreational you know it's really important to be able to within your organization reflect the diversity of your customer base to ensure that the products and services that you're offering really reflect that of the that of your customers and communities that you're looking to service. So from that perspective, having that diversity at all levels is critical. And certainly having, you know, a number of females in key decision- making forums. You know, generally more than one is good. We do we do find that if there's only one women woman in those groups, they do tend to get drowned out. It's probably the correct word. But certainly you know having a number of women generally and I've seen it you know time and time again in the various executive forums that I've been on makes a massive difference in terms of the discussion the types of questions that are raised and really just broad can broaden the conversation in so many ways whether it's looking at different stakeholders just you know being able to offer a different perspective on a whole lot of different issues. Okay, thank you so much. , VA, would you like to go next? >> Okay, so I guess to answer the first part, why STEM is important. There's no doubts without STEM, we were not able to be in this webinar today together. So everything around us is about the STEM, is about science, is about technology. There are some jobs in future that the like there are some current jobs that they are not going to exist in the future and I guess all of these resources and all of these activities is based on some knowledge in the STEM area. So this is the need and for now and for future. So if you're looking for and to be adopted with the jobs and the career that are coming in the future, we really need to have some sort of knowledge and if you are thinking of the if from the survey data from the employee employees what they are looking so if you are thinking of the collaboration, critical thinking, problem solving, cultural awareness, creativity and all of these communication skills all of these characters. So it's about like when we are learning when we teach and when we are students in the STEM area they learn in the different units it's not just about their knowledge it's about all of these skills. So all of these units that we are we have in you know in a degree that you're taking like in engineering or in a science it's somehow helping a students to improve this skills. So there's no doubt that we need but I guess there is an requirements to be more inspiring like as Maria mentioned still we don't have that you know I guess we need to think of as a women we really critical part of this conversation and of course we need all of these you know women and men and all the stakeholders is to stick together to make it more stronger conversation and of course this is the requirement for the future as well. >> Okay, thank you so much bea Felicity would you like to go next? >> Yes, sorry I was just getting myself off mute. I was just finding some bring up some interesting stats about jobs of the future because it was interesting what V was talking about just then and yeah STEM is so important because so many of these future careers require these skills and you know you've probably seen the stats like 75% of the fastest growing jobs are going to require STEM skills. Almost 100% you'll be sorry you'll be spending almost 100% more time at work solving problems. 41% more time on critical thinking and judgment and 77% more time using science and maths skills. So it's hugely important for future careers. And if you're interested in looking at some of the careers that might exist in the future, there was a great report that was done last year by Ford Deacon and Griffith University called 100 jobs of the future. If you just Google that, it comes up with a really great website which actually gives you some examples. So, it starts to kind of paint a picture of what these future jobs could look like. And you can even do a little quiz and it can give you some examples of what jobs might suit you best. But, , no surprises that pretty much all of those jobs are going to require some kind of science or math skills. And the Foundation for Young Australians has done a lot of reports on this as well. And I find these reports really fascinating because it really again helps you paint that picture of where could you use that STEM qualification and kind of also the adaptable nature of the future of STEM. So obviously people in these professions are designing our world. So it's really important that we have people that represent it designing it. And like Maria said, things like car design, flu vaccines, and air conditioning are all based on male physiology or male, you know, shapes and sizes. So, it's important we have women and all kinds of people that are designing our world. And it's almost like you don't even realize that it's not that there's that data gap in the gender in the design until you start really exploring and investigating it. So I think it's really important to have women but yeah like Maria said not just one woman a whole like you know at least three in the team and there's lots of research on this as well that companies are more profitable they're more innovative they have better staff retention so I'm yeah I'm very passionate about it I'm like come on why aren't we there yet it's time I'm ready >> okay thank you so much for your insight , Nicole, would you like to go next? >> I think a lot of what I was going to say has already been said, but just to summarize, as Felicity was saying, STEM graduates are employed in a whole range of different industries. If I even look at my friendship group from university, I did a masters of structural engineering and now work as a structural engineer. I've got friends working in transport planning. I've got some working in aeronautics and airspace and airport planning. I've got some that are designing new railway systems. I've got some that are working in furnaces of all things. Furnace engineering is a field in itself. And they can range to consulting to risk analytics to data processing. There's such a broad range of skills or broad range of industries that employ STEM graduates. And I think the key and why STEM is so important is the problem solving. H having experience in science, in technology and engineering and maths is all about being given a problem or even finding the problem in the first place and then looking at ways and innovative think ways of thinking to solve that problem. So it's all about working together as a team, a lot of collaboration, but finding identifying the problem and then finding a solution. And that's just something that's common across a lot of industries and hence why it's important. And as Felicity said, we live in a very diverse world and our workplace should reflect the world in which we live in to be able to make decisions that are well informed from a gender standpoint, from a cultural standpoint, even from an age standpoint. We need to make sure that all these different types of diversity are considered in decisions. And that will then have the positive outcomes of more profitability, a higher happiness at work and a greater sense of achievement. >> Thank you so much for that. Thank you all of you for all of your insight on all of your experiences. We will end it there for the panel discussion just for time issues, but there we have lots of questions in the chat. , we'll start off with Jackie. She says, "What recommendations do you have for students of STEM? " , I'm thinking any advice you can give to students of STEM in university. , Maria, what did you want to go first? >> , I would just say try and get as broad an experience as you can get. Through your studies because it'll it'll give you an idea of what you like and what you don't like. To Felicity's point, previously I've done plenty of jobs that I'm like, I'd never do that again. And without trying things, you don't really know. So, it's on the same boat. Be prepared, back yourself to try new and different things. And give it a go and have the confidence that you'll be able to work through it because you've got the training to be able, you know, to be able to solve problems. So I think the confidence piece is absolutely critical for women to ensure that they are they are comfortable and feel you know feel confident in backing themselves but try lots of different things and really speak to talk to people you know talk to older people like Felicity I didn't know any engineers when I started I had no idea what I was getting myself into and you know the more you can I can encourage younger people to reach out to people you know who are in areas that you're interested in It's so easy to pull people up through LinkedIn and most people are amazingly generous with their time. Have the confidence to reach out. You know what? If some people don't respond, that's okay. But mostly people will. , so take advantage of that. Reach out, ask any questions that you've got and learn from them. >> Thank you so much for that. And Jackie also has one other question we might add in and then go through the speakers. She asks, "Have you ever experienced sexism in the workforce? And if so, how did you respond? " >> Maria. >> Yeah. Yes. On more than one occasion. It's not and this is look this is going back I suppose to the early parts of my career. , you know, I did work experience at Ford at the time and, you know, there were there were pictures up in workshops and so forth that really shouldn't be there in terms of, you know, we're going back now to sort of ' 90s. , so, you know, very much a male-dominated area and the status quo and what was acceptable and wasn't acceptable. , you know, it was clear clearly a lot of nonacceptable stuff was going on. So, I vowed that I'd never work in that plant again. You know we had female students coming through the plant wolf we sort out as they were going through factory tours all sorts of weird things like that so I so I stayed away from that environment and I think the and similarly I think you know my first boss at Holden was like I didn't choose you I wouldn't have chosen you and this is like day one you know started on the graduate program was really excited I'm like oh here we go so you know you do get some and you know that wouldn't happen quite as overtly these days. , you know, through to through to, you know, that same person saying to me that, you know, he if he had if he was to choose between myself and somebody else, he would pick with similar skill sets, he'd pick the male because, you know, they won't go off and have children and leave the workforce, you know, as a direct conversation. , so he did, you know, in the end promote me, , and was a was a huge sponsor of mine and, you know, we had a shouting match about that whole experience at the time. , but I think, you know, I just wouldn't advise, you know, staying in an environment, , you know, I'm I'm hoping there aren't environments like that now. I certainly haven't seen anything like that, you know, since my early days, , in the workforce. , and you know, I would just encourage, you know, women to just if you if the work environment condones sexism in any way, shape, or form, a it's illegal and it shouldn't be tolerated, and there should be avenues that you can go through to have that addressed. , and if that's not the case, then get out of there because there's a whole lot there's a whole lot of other places that you can go and work and do some amazing things and no one should put up with that sort of crap. >> Thanks, Marie. Just to add to that as well, for students in those positions, you can go to fairwork. Com. Au for advice. >> , so next question from Ashawara, which I really like this one. What is the gap between the skills students finish with their degree with and then what's required when they move into their first job? Is it do you have any insight on how to bridge that gap? >> I guess quickly. Can I answer this question just shortly? >> Yeah. >> And I want to say something about the previous question. So just bring these two together. So I guess we have for when you do the study as a students you just don't stay don't think that this is the only thing that you can do. Of course we have you know very great opportunity in the university. Let's talk about Swinburn. So there are too many activities as Maria mentioned you need to practice you need to involve in the volunteer job. So when you go for the you know when I when I apply for this position in uni in at Sunburn I have evidence of what I've done during my study. So during your study you can contribute in organizing the event you can contribute to get the certificate of the leadership. You can contribute to all of these opportunities that professional staff running like Daniel it's from the career employability so we have all of these opportunity for you so use of this opportunity to improve your skills and add to your CV so you have this you know as an evidence something that I want to actually emphasize about the women in the workplace I guess what I practice is during last years. It's about the emotional intelligence. As a woman, you need to believe in yourself. You need to believe that you can, you know, you need to be a flexible, but at the same time, you need to believe in yourself and you can manage your emotion. Don't take things personally. If you're talking with your managers, if you're talking with your colleague, whoever you know you think that you have an idea and you have a reason for that idea, just stay and professionally communicate. Provide your reason and be flexible to accept if your idea is not valid because of those reason that they share with you. So try to manage your emotion. This is the very important task for us as a women and we should not you know oh I heard this now I'm not going to follow my you know idea I have to stop and sit in my office please do not do that just you know stay strong and positive use of your mentors advices my mentors are male actually and they have a very good feedback to me when sometimes I get annoyed with some behavior or you know some you know what might happen in the real life. So I guess I just wanted to highlight the managing your emotion as a woman. It's a big task and please do that. Thank you. >> Thanks Peter. That's really great advice. Anyone Sarah's got a question here again a lot of the panel you've mentioned mentors. , can you give any advice on how students can maybe find mentors themselves? >> I'm happy to take that one. , well actually Maria reached out to me on LinkedIn. So that's how we met which is pretty cool and I think it's an amazing platform to be able to reach out. But also there's so many different ways that you can connect with people particularly really senior people. So, , one of the my most amazing mentors, she's incredible. Her name's Katherine Tanner. She's on the actually the COVID commission right now. She's on the Reserve Bank of Australia and she's the CEO of Energy Australia. And I never thought I would have someone like her as my mentor. , but it was actually a graduate in her company had heard about some of the work I'd done volunteering. , we'd just done one event for Power of Engineering. We hadn't really done anything. And he said, "I think that our director would be really interested in what you have to say. Are you okay if I send an email to connect you? And I thought, oh, sure, whatever. Nothing's going to happen. And from that one email, she said, "Yes, let's have a meeting and catch up. " And she was so willing to give her advice. And I'm always so impressed by how there are these incredible people in the industry that are so open to sharing their perspectives and really that advice. And so she's been my mentor for over eight years now. She's reviewed business plans. She connected us with our investor for our business. So, we were able to get angel investment funding for my startup as a result of that connection. So, mentors are super powerful. So, I think reaching out to people on LinkedIn, but also being really specific about what you're after. So, not just like, hey, you're interesting. Can I pick your brains? Like, hey, here's where here's what my goal is. Here's where I want to go. I'd love to know more about X, Y, and Zed. So, you're actually you've thought about it first and you're investing the I guess the time to think about how you want to engage with that person and what advice that you're looking for. But I think the biggest thing is actually having the courage to ask somebody. Because that often for me is the scary part is actually reaching out to these amazing important people and having you know some of their time but people are very generous and I think now's a really great time to reach out to people because a lot of people are at home they're wanting to connect and it's much easier to you know pop in a 30 minute Zoom chat with people. I think that people do often have a lot of time right now to connect. >> Thanks Felicity. And for students wanting to learn more about LinkedIn, careers and employability have workshops online for LinkedIn. So check that out at the website careers and employability swimburn. Does anyone else have something to add? >> Yeah, I'd say oh sorry go ahead Nicole. >> I was just going to add to what Felicity was saying. So, coincidentally enough, I well, aside from being a friend, but I also consider Felicity to be one of my mentors. , whether she's aware of that or not, I assume she is. So, the connection that we had was similarly I think I reached out on LinkedIn probably about 5 years ago now, but it was when they were starting Power of Engineering and me running Robo Gals at the time, I thought they were starting a competitive not for-p profofit. And so I reached out to have the shared connection and it turns out that not only were we not competitors, but we could actually complement each other quite well. So it was finding that common point of connection whether you think it's a positive or a negative at the time. It's just having that confidence to go out and reach out and I catch up on a regular basis and she's really helping me build my confidence in public speaking and building my public profile. So really enjoying those sort of mentoring. And in terms of finding mentors, there are official mentoring programs that you can look at participating in. I've had both good and bad experience through those mentoring. One in particular, we were paired up at random through while I was volunteering with Robo Girls and it was with a mentor group at PWC and we just got along so well that we still catch up three years later on a semi-regular basis and I just enjoy hearing about his work and what he's doing and in has the same interest in my career. So, it's just finding that point of interest that you can learn from each other because I think any good mentoring relationship goes both ways. You can help them as a mentee and they can help you as a mentor. So it's finding that common point of interest. >> Thanks Nicole. Yeah, we definitely always hear that in careers and employability. Mentors always seem to say that they get as much from the mentor mentee relationship as the mentee says that they do. So that's really good. Marie, did you have something you wanted to add as well? Yeah, I would just say you know one thing that I didn't do early on in my career and you know going back to you know what would I do differently if I could go back in time certainly sort of working on building that network up you know outside of your organization which I think is just critical and it and I think sometimes when you're in large organizations it can sort of seem almost secondary because you're kind of interacting with lots of different people in lots of different divisions and you know I was in a business with a quarter of a quarter of a million yeah quarter of a million people. So fairly large organization very wellworked throughout the business and whatnot and mentors throughout the business. But you know realized you know probably quite late that I just hadn't hadn't done you know much work on expanding that externally. So I would just encourage everyone to sort of get involved with Engineers Australia as you're starting off your career. There's great opportunities to move to meet with people in lots of different organizations and really keeping that broad base will certainly help you throughout your career. >> Thanks Maria. We always I always like to think of it that it's really to think of it that everyone knows everyone in your industry. If you think about it that way, you realize how much of a small world it is and how connected it is and how important it is to build those connections. >> Correct. Zanduni, >> let me >> handp pick a question. >> Yes, I'll There's so many. >> , okay. This is one from Sai. She says, "What do you do to stay relevant in your current position with the ever changing world? Any tips for students graduating this year during a recession? " , does anyone want to go first? , Maria Ala. Yeah. Do you have something to add? >> I guess this is my weekly activity. So I try to find out some online free resources to just update myself with what is present as we discuss something that is required in future. So you first you need to identify what is required in future and you know about yourself what you are passionate about it and what are the resources I need to pay for that. So as an students I really want to think as an student. So I guess for the previous question mentor don't forget your academic in the department if you if you don't access to someone else in the industry so they might be able to encourage you to contact someone outside the university again I'm thinking of as an student in the you know engineering or in a science and yeah there are different you know online resources available for everyone to self for the self-tutoring if for example data science is something that you need in the future and you are in engineering and this is not what you have so why you should not you know go ahead with this online resources and update yourself with that so and again there are some opportunity in our organization I don't know if I can use of my time because I might not get this chance and so there is a stem public speaking. This is the competition. So again, it helps you to improve your communication skills. I know as a woman or maybe as a STEM students, you feel shy. You don't want to share your science with the other stakeholders. Please do not you know, I like the idea like you want to be perfect, but you need to practice. So unless we practice we cannot be a good science communicator. That is our role as well. Behind what you're doing you need to share your science with the people outside the science and engineering. So people need to hear from you. So I really want to encourage you to contact me. So I think I'm the only beta at Swingban right now. So if you can please contact me if you're interested or passion. There are two competition. The second one it comes with a good urge you to start thinking about the topic. So yeah, >> thank you >> and 100% you know beta if you if you can't you know in any profession but I think particularly engineering if you can't influence and bring people along with your idea particularly I suppose in the innovation space you have the best ideas in the world but if you can't communicate if you can't persuade if you can't influence it gets very difficult to move forward so it's just such a critical component And you know, and I wish we had those opportunities you were talking about, beta, when we were at uni to engage with those broader areas and to build our confidence up in safe environments. >> Does anyone else have anything to add? >> I think there's great opportunities to go to lots of different events as well. Like I love going to the Engineers Australia events and but also going to some really different ones and there's so much you know free content available and doing things out of your era can be really interesting like my husband works in sales and it's totally different from what I do but I always learn so much from him when I ask him about his day and what he's up to. So or even you know dabbling in the startup world when starting my own businesses. So I think staying relevant there's a lot of different you can learn a lot from other from cross disciplines and the projects that we're going to be working on in the future are going to be multidisciplinary complex projects. So you are going to need to know about the different fields not just in your own area. So I think we can stay relevant by learning from other industries. And it might sound a bit boring, but there are some really cool reports like the OECD releases reports on the future of work and I find those fascinating to read of what they're predicting. So having a look at some of those reports and even just pulling one or two stats, you'll sound super smart to your new mentors that you acquire after this session. By just having that data to back it up, but also being able to ask them, do you agree? What do you think? And being able to ask really good questions helps you stay relevant because you're able to get that knowledge from other people and get their perspectives as well. >> It's a great point, Felicity. Thanks. And that was one of the questions in the chat box about the importance of having that cross curricular or multiddisciplinary knowledge. So that's a really good point. Sarah's got a really great question here that I really want to ask to all of you. How can women be allies to other women in STEM? Oh, 100%. I think there's you know, there's increasingly more and more organizations that are that are there helping to build up networks of women. So, I think you know this group here is a fabulous example of bringing to together an inter interdisciplinary group of women in STEM within the university. On the board side of things, I'm involved in with women on board. Who similarly try and bring women together in the board space to try and you know open and build those connections through. So I think it's around sort of looking at what areas you're interested in and there's there's you know there's lots of different groups that you can that you can join. I do also have also been involved in both in leading and in being a part of a lot of diversity type groups within the organization that I've worked in which are I think also very powerful in terms of you know being able to bring women together particularly if you're working in organizations where there's where there aren't very many women from different departments to actually share experiences learn from one another and build those networks both cross offices, cross borders etc. There is also a group national women in operations which is also and I act as a mentor in that space but that is you know very much around supporting women who are in operational roles where there's often only one or two women in the in the organization. So how do you actually build up that network when there aren't those women around you know in at your level you know doing similar things to you? That's really around sort of trying to build that up you know more broadly. >> Thanks Maria. Anyone else want to add to that? >> I think for me it's if there is someone you can be an ally by supporting other people. You know, you're not in competition. We're all wanting to work together to grow the pie of women in engineering or women in STEM. And there's been so many amazing mentors that I've had that have helped me that I've been so grateful for. So if someone asks me like if anyone on this chat reaches out to me on LinkedIn I would encourage you to do so and says hey have you got 15 minutes you know to have a quick chat then I always you know say yes to those catchups and for me it's sort of what can I you know do for other women. So I think it's that supporting other women. And it could be something simple like a shout out on LinkedIn or thinking about you know a recommendation or asking the question how can I help you in a catchup and I think that's a question that we don't ask enough of is how can I help you and I love it when I have conversation with mentors and I ask them how can I help you and it's surprising that there are actually ways that you could even help your mentor out. So I think it's about yeah supporting each other where we can. I'll add to that as well, Daniel, if I could. And I suppose this is something that I've personally experienced and others may have as well. But when we're talking about, as Maria said, not just having one person, one woman in the room, but having more. And myself, I've suffered from if I'm the only woman in the room, I'm more confident to speak up. I feel that being the only woman, I have a point of difference. And therefore, my what I'm going to say is worthwhile saying. And there have been times where I've been in meetings and there's one other woman and it's a it's a mental challenge for myself going, "Oh no, she's going to judge me. I'm not going to speak up because she may not agree with me. " Of course, she might not agree with me. She's a different person. She has different experiences. And it's something that I've I'm very aware of now. And making sure in meetings that I use that experience and I use that realization in myself to encourage other women to speak up. If there's a meeting where I notice it's being dominated by males, even if I personally haven't said anything, I'll be sure, okay, Felicity, have you got something to add to that? And a lot of the time it's just giving other women confidence that I actually want to hear what you have to say. So that can happen in social groups as well as in workplaces, but it's being aware of how you're reacting or how you're feeling in different situations, knowing that other people and in particular other women may be feeling the same way. And then just thinking, oh, if someone actually asked me what I thought, I'd really appreciate that. So, that's something that you can do for other women. >> It's really inspirational. Thanks for sharing. We've got about five minutes to go. Sandun, do you have any more questions there? I think the last question is how can unfortunately we didn't have enough time to split everyone into breakout groups so that people could have a bit more of a personal connection but someone's asking how can they contact you to reach out and ask any other questions they might have >> simil similar to Felicity I'm quite happy for anyone to reach out to me through LinkedIn. That's probably the easiest tool. So, connect up and you know, we're all working from home at the moment. So, so as Felicity said, it's kind of it's a nice distraction actually to kind of get away from your laptop and have a conversation with someone that's not work related that's not workrelated directly. So, >> more than happy to take any questions. Sorry. >> My work meetings. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Completely agree. LinkedIn's the best way to contact us. >> Awesome. I'll ask one more question from Ashley. So, are you able to switch off after work or do you find that there is still work that needs to be done outside of the workplace or I guess you know that 9 to5? Do you have any tips on that and maybe how to best handle it from a mental health point of view as well? >> I'll jump into that one first if I could. Daniel, I think I touched on this before when I was answering a question, but for me, I've come to realize that at the end of the day, when I get home and I see my partner, I just need 10 minutes of his time to debrief everything that happened that day. It comes out just blurting out everything that's happened, the ups, the downs, the highs, the lows, and I need that just to be able to center myself and come back to a point where I'm relaxed and I feel that, yep, okay, I can close out the day and then move on. So, it's something sometimes he appreciates it, sometimes he doesn't, but he's very supportive of knowing that's how I need to process things. So, it's taking the time to realize it may be your ride home from work, it may be going for a run, it may be watching some TV, playing a game on your phone. It's just figuring out how you switch that balance. But to me, I'm finding it quite easy now because I know what my mechanism is to switch off. , and I use it each day even in the working from home arrangement which is still working. >> That's great. Thanks, Nicole. >> Felicity, Maria or beta. >> Yeah, I can jump in. , I used to I would feel guilty about not switching off which is like even because I'm someone who does a lot of different things and I love variety and I love being challenged and I'm definitely someone who falls into the trap of being busy. So, it's something I really have to monitor. And probably maybe like three or four years ago, I experienced burnout and had really bad experience with my mental health. I'd never experienced it before with anxiety and that was a real wakeup call for me. So, I ended up having to take I was running my own business full-time. It was super stressful. I was looking after our sales and I ended up having to take two weeks off because I realized I couldn't actually make the right decisions for our company. It was better for our company for me to step aside. So, I did yoga every day for two weeks and that really kind of kickstarted a bit of a mental health habit for me. So, I journal every morning. I write three pieces of gratitude. I aim to exercise where I can. I'm currently eight months pregnant, so it's a bit harder for me to exercise right now. So, I'm up I can walk in the morning and that's about it. But that's still really important for my mental health to maintain those healthy habits. And I'm okay with I guess not switching off because I love the projects I work on and I love what I'm doing. But I know that balance is really important for me. So I see a psychologist once a month. I had my appointment with him today over Zoom which was a bit different. But those habits I think are really important. So you've got to find what works for you. And I'm current I'm often tweaking them and adjusting them to see what works. And that's actually been quite a challenge for me being pregnant because those usual stress releases like going for a really good run, like I run half marathons. It's been challenging not to do that, but being okay with what can I do right now that's going to work that's going to have the same kind of effect as well. >> Yeah, >> thanks for sharing so openly and congratulations on the news. >> Fantastic. >> I just want to add something if I can, Daniel. >> Yeah, of course. I guess we are lucky to have a job that we love and I can hear from everyone that they are passionate about what they are doing. So I guess sometimes I struggle between different the diverse activity that I would like to be involved in all of them at the same time. So just balance your time between this activity. You know that this brain needs to function for you to be able to follow your dreams and you need to have a good diet. You need to have a good exercise. You need to have a good conversation with whoever is close to you and you need to spend time for something that you it's very important for you. So balancing with all of these it's your you know job in the weekly you know schedule that you have but don't forget to walk in the nature. I guess that is really I think it's very when I go to the for bushw walking I really feel relaxed and all of those anxiety and my do you know I don't know sometimes it works with the hormones I don't know so somehow it's make me feel relaxed so I can go back with the energy and I can work with the application or assessment or something or interview so I just want you just want to do your best and you want to do you want to be your best you know personality in your workplace in your study and just please if you're capable of doing things do not I always ask my students do not submit the report when you're capable of doing the best reports so spend time manage your time and yeah enjoy I think at the end of all of these activities that we are doing in our life. It's just enjoy what you're doing. Choose the right thing for you to enjoy of what you're doing. Thank you. >> Thanks, Peter. Final word from you, Maria. >> Yeah, I think you know the point about I don't I really don't like the word work life balance because I think it makes us all feel like we've just we can't do it. I prefer work life integration. And it's certainly something that I've struggled with through various parts of my career and I think sometimes, you know, you've got to recognize that you know, if you're going if you're going through a crisis at work and you know, thinking back to when we were making those decisions at Holden as to whether we were going to shut the plant and so forth, they're like massive decisions and there's just a lot of work. So, so there are peaks and troughs and sometimes, you know, you just you just need to put in the hours as hard as what it can be, but you do need to find that space afterwards where, you know, we were so, you know, to Felicity's point just running on adrenaline and didn't realize until, you know, decisions were all were all done and so forth that we just all crashed over that Christmas vacation. , you know, I think it is it is really important to find what the right thing is. You know I find I've personally found it was quite difficult when with young kids. My kids are older now but certainly that space where they were young where I was working in a global role had calls on sort of into the evening and trying to sort of manage that you know in a part-time role was quite difficult. So I would encourage everyone to particularly I think you know we have a lot of women who are high achievers and often think you can do more than what you can do. So you've got to say no sometimes and be confident to stand up and say that this is too much that I do need help and to ask for that help versus trying to do more and more of it which I've seen you know a lot of young women do throughout their careers. So, so it is really around taking stock, looking at what are those activities that you're working on. Can other people do some of those things? Are they the best utilization of your time? And really trying to sort of step back and taking that perspective. And it's not always easy to do. It's not always possible to do. , but you do need to kind of check in every so often. For me, I live near the beach and I love walking, you know, up and down the beach and love the water side of things. That's certainly my release. >> Thanks, everyone. It's been a real pleasure to get an insight into the industry here tonight. I guess maybe in the webinar I'm the only non-engineer in the group. So it's been great to learn a lot of your stories and to learn a lot about the engineering industry. And it's also always great to support the women in STEM club because I think it's really inspirational what they do and also what everyone on this panel is doing which is inspiring young women to follow their passion if it's in that STEM area. So thank you all. Sanduni, do you have anything to close with? >> , yes. Just I want to say thank you so much to all of our speakers for being part of this webinar and I think it's really important for even our club is about supporting all STEM students who are in university and there's a huge dropout rate mid their midcourses which is so sad because we put so much effort trying to get students into STEM courses and then there's this huge dropout rate and seeing other women in the work force and hearing your experiences and your insights is really important to show representation and to sort of pick out someone and being like I want to be like her one day. It's really important and it motivates and I feel so inspired having spoken to you all. So, thank you so much for sharing. To all of our participants, thank you so much for being a part of the webinar. I've posted in the chat a link to a survey. If you could all fill it out, please so that we can improve for next time. And we put the all your names into a random generator and Ashley, you have won the gift card, the lucky draw. Congratulations. , if you send me a DM, oh, I'll probably contact you. It's okay. Well, thank you to K Daniel from Careers and Employability for making all of this happen and to campus consultancy for sponsoring us. , that's all I have to say. Anything to add, Daniel? >> No, that's all good. Hope everyone has a good night. >> Yes. Thank you so much for being a part of the webinar. >> Likewise. Thanks for having us. Thanks for having us.