# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2021 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Okay, good afternoon everyone and welcome to start talking 2021. So this is the third year in a row we have this STEM public speaking competition. So this is aligned with one of the unit that we have at Swinburn and this is the first time that we have our competitors from Malaysia Sarowak. So we are going to do you know I guess there are some housekeeping in this slide. I want to let everyone knows. So the session is going to be recorded. Hopefully it's okay with you. Please make sure that the audio video is off during the showcase when we watch the 4m minute video. And then please make sure if you're the students and the audience we have a you know we have an you use of your student ID and we are going to communicate with you. There is a evaluation survey which doesn't take more than few minutes and we would like to hear about you to improve our events every time we are coming and please we already test the audio and the video for our competitors and so we are going to answer if you have any question please write in the chat so we should be able to check the chat and please turn your camera off. I already mentioned. So please make sure if you want to have a better experience set your screen to a speakers and they will be a cahoot question where we are inviting our judges in the breakout rooms to make a decision. We are going to have two activities. We want to have fun at the same time. And we are excited about learning and being inspired by the STEM idea that our students and our finalists provided to be shared with you. So we are going to have people's choice. So my colleague Kathlan is going to provide you the do you know the sale and that is the way that we are you are going to vote for your nom nominated do you know best video production and the STEM idea and of course we are going to have a cahoot question six question based on six presentation and the best you know the winner is going to get a price. All right. Now, if you can go to the next slide, please. So, we have a poll question and we would like you to answer the question and my colleague Janet is going to record the results. So we want you to tell us how important is a STEM communication for your career. We want to know about your opinion. Okay, we give you a few seconds. Janet, do we want to >> Yeah, >> thanks everyone. So, you will have noticed we've shared this same poll at each of the workshops. So, it's really gratifying to see that you really have got the message that STEM communication is really important. It is vital and sharing all the tips and advice is really the way forward for you. So thanks for your input everybody. Great to know that you know that the science communication and of course the communication skills it's very important based on your you know your respond and based on the employer survey. Okay. Now let's move on and before we start and of course this is about STEM public speaking he this is the competition that we are running at Swimburn to recognize the you know talented students and then we lead them and direct them to the state public STEM public speaking. So before we start I would like to go to the acknowledgement of the country on behalf of the people who participate in the event from Australia and Malaysia. I would like to acknowledge the verjury people who are the traditional custodians of this land. I would also like to pay respect to the elders both past and present of the colon nation and extend that respect to other indigenous Australians and Malaysians present. So just to give you an overview of what we are going to do for the rest maybe next of one and a half hour. So we are going to start with the com competitors. So you are going to watch four minute video and we have six finalists and they are going to be available to our judges and they are going we are going to have about four minutes to have a Q&A and a conversation between the judges and the competitors. So then we are going to invite the judges to be in the breakout room. So they already have your video and they already watch your video. So they are going to be to discuss and share the idea and come up with the and you know the announcement for the winner of start talking 2021. At the same time in the main room as I said we are going to have a people's choice award and we are going to run the cahoot question for the audience. The audience are important and you are the reason that we are going to share our science with you. So then we are going to the judges are coming and one of the judges are going to take an action and they are going to announce one of the judges is going to announce the winner. Then we are going to have a screenshot photo. That is the time that I want everyone come with the hopefully with a video the camera on and with a smile and of course we are going to promote start talking. So and we are going to make sure that we have do you know I hope that is very pleasant moments and time for you and then we are going to close the event and you're going to hear about us and with the evaluation. So just to introduce ourselves and who is involved. So our team my colleague Kelan and Janet they are here and they're always helping to actually organize this event and I really appreciate that. The other fantastic collaborators that we have it's the digital literacy LTU and Claire is one of the judges is from the Adobe team. Of course employability Janet is coming from emerging leaders program and one of the collaborator our teaching team in the communication for scientists our industry partner insurance Australia group and I think I cannot emphasize how important that our students are passionate students as Sam is here Joshua was here so they are now the mentor for the new you know group of students who join us and they are going to persist and progress in their journey. So thank you very much to all of you and of course I would like to introduce our judges. So, Professor Alan Duffy, Professor Virginia Kilburn and Jean O from our industry partner and of course the associate professor Claire so Dyson which is from Adobe. Thank you so much. So now I think I would like to acknowledge and appreciate all of the students that they take an action. I know this is the very busy time for everyone and spending extra time on a co-curriculum activity and share your passion that is very valuable to us. I would like to accept all of you as a finalist. I would like to acknowledge all of you and awarded with a prize but I guess you are going to you are all going to receive a certificate of participation and I would like to on behalf of the team I would like to appreciate your time and your efforts and now we are going to have our you know talented science communicator here and of course this is just the beginning maybe if this is the first video and you share your translate your science. This is the way that you are going to learn. Of course, this feedback is going to be shared with you from our judges and of course that is the way that we are going to help you and support you to as I said lead you through the state STEM public speaking. All right. So now we have our fantastic six finalist. I would like to ask and invite our first competitor who is Matthew. So his video is about and the title of the video is about plastics. So Matthew, could you please just I'm going to turn off myself. Could you please just show your video and please make sure you turn off your audio as well. One moment. >> Take your time. >> Okay, I'm just going to forget YouTube, but >> No, wait. I forgot. I'm doing a great job. I'm sorry. >> That's okay, Matthew. That's part of the >> digital environment learning. Everyone during some stage of their life has heard of the term germs. For many of us, most of that exposure would be from product labels or slogans claiming they kill 99. 95% of germs or something to that end. But despite the reputation that may bring, some germs play integral roles in our development. For example, did you know the human body relies on specialized bacteria, a type of germ, to break down certain foods? Or maybe that the cooking ingredient yeast is actually a single cell fungi, which is another kind of germ. Well, regardless of whether you knew that or not, there is another helpful germ that many of us may not be familiar with. One that we are not beneficial to our stomachs will provide a giant step forward in the never- ending battle against some environmental footprint. You see, back in 2016, a group of Japanese scientists working near a recycling plant noticed something peculiar was occurring before their eyes. A group of unknown bacteria had grown around some of the plastic bottles. The weird part was that it was successfully able to eat away at the material, breaking it down into smaller components. Yes, you heard me correctly. These bacteria use the plastic material as food. Plastics. Polyethylene terafalate, commonly referred to as PET plastic, is a common material used in various packaging. Packaging made from this plastic will have a plastic identification number of one. So, if you think I'm lying out of my teeth, try and see how many objects you use at your daily life have this symbol on it. To give you an example, here's a picture of some of the objects I found in my house that are made out of PET plastics. The discovered bacteria was found to break away at the specific kind of plastic material. When eating the material, it leaves behind two chemicals, teraphylic acid and ethylene glycol. These chemicals are reported as harmless to the environment, granting it an edge over many recycling methods in place due to being extremely eco-friendly. These chemicals could be collected and recycled for future use. Ephylane glycol is particularly helpful being a common ingredient in antifreeze, a common engine cooler which is in high demand. Upon looking deeper, the scientists found that this group of bacteria could break down a material at a rate of 0. 13 mg of plastic for every centimeter of exposure per day. What does this actually mean? Well, if you took a generic cylinder shaped plastic bottle, submerged it a tub of this bacteria, it would fully decompose the bottle in just under one and a half years. Okay. Yes, that is a long time. But it's far better than leaving it to break down naturally. You see, the issue with PET plastic lies in its structure. It's very tight and compact. So much so that even air is trapped within it. This helps your soft drink stay fizzy for longer, but it comes at a cost. It's because of that tight structure that plastic bottles take hundreds of years to degrade naturally. Not only that, but that plastic doesn't truly break away. Rather, it becomes smaller fragments of the same material. This material is then eaten by wildlife, which then slowly comes back to bite us due to the food chain. This is why a period of 1 and 1/2 years for a clean and eco-friendly result is an undeniable and significant improvement. A report on waste generation by the Australian Bureau of Statistics reports that just under 440,000 tons of PET plastic was sent to landfill between 2018 and 2019. With how long they take to fully break down, that plastic is likely still there today. While the total number only continues to increase, this along with many other reasons is why it's to everyone's benefit that we see a future where not a single plastic bottle is left to landfill. And while this discovery is still far away from achieving this on such a scale, it's a powerful step in the right direction. All right. Thank you very much, Matthew. So I would like to invite the judges to turn on their camera and of course Matthew if you can please turn on your camera. So I'm going to set the time. Usually we grab one maybe about two question from the judges and about two four minutes. >> I could ramble about this for four minutes if we don't get any questions. Don't worry about that. So, who is going to ask the question from the judges? >> I'm just getting my notes up, so give me one sec. >> Of course. >> But I'd like to start by saying I loved the video. It was a It was just great. And I'm super inspired. A year and a half. It did seem a lot. And I love I really did love the fact that you one of the things I did love Sorry. Is it okay if I just give feedback? One of the things I really loved about it was your integration of graphics and music and you were really upbeat as well, so we kind of got to know you as a person. And that's really lovely when you're doing science communication because sometimes it can be a bit dry. So I really came along on your journey. So yeah, I don't actually have any questions. I don't know if the other judges have got any. I rambled a bit on how I did the visuals if you're curious. >> Thank you, Claire. And Virginia, >> can I ask a science question? >> Yes, of course. >> Well, I mean, I first of all, well done. I really enjoyed that. I was inspired. And looking at the pile of PET plastics you have in your home, I think I have a matching set in my home. So what I was wondering is you were talking about that the this would break down in 1. 5 years and I and what are the conditions around that? Do you know anything more about that? So do you any other catalyst? >> The way I worked out that time actually was I did some I actually did some proper math behind it. So the idea was you take it's a specific cylinder of the sizes that you see in that video and then you cover both the surface area inside and outside with it and then if you assuming I think it was 30째 C was what it said provided that it's working to full capacity it should be able to do it in that time. >> I'm not sure if I did leave it on my proper form the full working out and how I did it. That's okay. No, that was that's that's all I was wondering, I guess. , and that you would assume that it's not in a garbage tip in underneath like a ton of rubbish, so you probably need a bit of aation stuff. >> Yeah, that's good. And , how did you do the animations? >> Ah, so I did I did in a very unorthodox method actually. I'm not sure if everyone here is familiar with the programming software Scratch, >> but what I did was because Adobe Rush is very good for like compiling clips and adding cool effects on top of clips, but it's it seemed very cumbersome in terms of direct animation. So what I would do is I took some stock photos and turn them into little sprites. And then Scratch was is very useful because you could apply certain effects like all the times that objects are fading in or fading out or they start to get pixelated or they start to change color. All of that was done through scratch. So what I would do is I just make the code for each segment, time it according to my audio. Then I would use a screen catcher software to take that recording, put in Adobe Rush, crop it, get rid of the bits that you don't need, and just add the audio that way. And that's just how I managed to get it all to work. Some of the stuff is very done only because Scratch works. Like that the box of plastic material that is randomized. That is completely random. If you put the if you re-record it, you get a completely different box of plastic. >> Ah, that's cool. >> Thank you. >> All right. So, I guess that's the right time for minutes. And Matthew, thank you very much. So if you were able to inspire one of the two of our judges and I'm sure Jane is agree with the other judges so then that's is a good start. Thank you very much. So I guess we are looking for science students who are creative and well done. Thank you very much. >> Thank you very much. >> All right. So now I would like to actually invite the second competitor who is Julian from Sarowak and his topic is about the discovery of the therapeutic drugs against cervical cancer a machine learning driven approach. Let's hear about your project. >> All right, let me share the screen. I'm Julian Gunningha and I'm in my final year studying biotechnology at Swinburn University of Technology. Did you know that most cervical cancers are caused by a virus? Almost all cervical cancers are caused by a doublestranded DNA virus which is the human papilloma virus commonly known as HPV. There are two types of HPV which are high-risk HPV such as HPV 18 and HPV 16 and low-risk HPV types such as HPV 6 and HPV 11. The high-risk HPV types are responsible for over 90% of all cervical cancers. These high-risk HPV types enter the body through skin abrasions and can persist for a lengthy period of time causing the progression towards cervical cancer. In 2018 alone, about 300,000 deaths were caused due to HPV related cervical cancers globally. Although the natural T- cell mediated immune responses are able to clear high-risk HPV types out of the body within a span of 2 years, this is not the case for individuals suffering from immune compromised conditions such as HIV. HIV destroys T-Her cells which in turn reduce T- cell mediated response sensitivity towards high-risisk HPV types. Therefore, HPV can persist and cause cervical cancer in these individuals at a higher rate. But is there a way to prevent yourself from contracting HPV? Yes, there is. Vaccines such as gardasil and cervics are able to provide protection against HPV infections but they do not clear the virus in individuals who are already infected. Therefore, there is a need for the development of a therapeutic vaccine to combat HPV infections. The ideal way to develop a therapeutic drug would be to target HPV viral proteins that are responsible for viral replication. By doing this, the spread of the virus in tissues can be stopped. But have you ever wondered how long such a vaccine would take to come about to the market? To develop a vaccine, it takes multiple years before it reaches the market. Intensive research, efficacy, and safety measures takes a long time with conventional drug discovery processes. But what if I tell you that this process can be accelerated to develop drugs against HPV? Machine learning and computational methods have been proven and been in frequent use by scientists to design drugs faster by determining potential drug candidates using pre-existing data. This would allow scientists to only test potential drug candidates without relying on trial and error methods. Machine learning can also be used to analyze drug efficacy and safety using simulations before being administered into animal models of actual patients. The recent COVID 19 outbreak saw many scientists using machine learning methods and models to develop and propose antiviral drugs faster than ever before. Same principles can be implemented to develop and design drugs against HPV infections. Machine learning has its disadvantages as well. Unless relevant data is used to develop the machine learning models, the expected outcome would be different. This would make the process more complex. Therefore, it is important to get hold of relevant data. Rapidly developing therapeutic drugs against HPV infections will help around 200 million people knowingly or unknowingly infected with HPV to combat future cervical cancers. This in turn would help women in local communities to live a healthier and a longer life. Let's get together and say no to cervical cancer. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you. Thank you so much Julian. So now I can see Alan Duffy is also join us. Good afternoon Alan. Andh yeah so thank you Alan. So now we are open to the judges for the question for the comment for feedback. >> Yeah I actually want to ask a specific technical question. So thank you for the very nice video that you've raised my interest about machine learning and I really wanted to know more about the specifics regarding machine learning for HPV. Is there anything that presents a particular challenge to this HPV you know potential use case versus the other kinds of drug discovery that you mentioned before? Yeah, actually the data that you find on most of the databases are very limited for HPV because so far when I actually checked on the literature there's only like a limited number of studies that have been done using machine learning for HPV in fact there was only one so the amount of data that you have on most of the compounds that are already been tested in laboratory conditions are very limited. So those are the drugs that you had to use in order to predict new compounds of the same nature. So but if you consider ones like HIV there are loads of data like huge databases and huge data sets but for HPV it's very limited. So we have to replicate a lot of chemical information to make the data sets bigger to reduce the errors of prediction. >> Okay. All right. Thank you. That's Yeah, that's that's fascinating. You've really picked my interest on this one. So, great. From that perspective, this video has done its job. Thank you. >> Thank you, Alan. Virginia, >> thank you. I agree. I thought that was really good. I very much enjoyed it and learned a lot. So, that was great. At the end, you're saying, "Let's say no to cervical cancer and let's get on board. " So, what's the message there? What's the what's the call out that you're asking us to do? >> Well, there is no therapeutic vaccine currently. No any like there are no therapeutic treatment at all for cervical cancer only like prophylaxis which means it's prevention. So like people should know and try and take actions to prevent it beforehand. But if you're already infected then you just have to rely on your natural immune responses to clear it off. But that is not the case for some people. So everyone should be informed of this so that there is better funding for therapeutic drugs against HPV infections and like generally they say by 2090 the number of cervical cases can be reduced by 90%. But we can't wait till 2090. So it's just in the present there is no solution. So the best way is to go for therapeutic vaccines >> if you're already infected. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. Thank you >> Jane. I see your turn on your audio. >> Yes. Thank you. And thank you Julian for a very interesting topic actually. And I was just curious more about why there weren't the use of machine learning for this topic. Actually, it would have been interesting to explore if there were particular reasons for that lack of data that you said is one of the dependencies that you have. It might been interesting just to find out a bit more if there were any constraints around that area. But no, very interesting topic. Thank you. Well let's say for an example in Australia, the US and most of the developed nations the spread of cervical like I mean HPV is very limited because everyone's like they know what's happening around and how to stay away from contracting the viruses but when you take the developing world no one actually knows about it and it's more like a taboo topic to talk about these things. So the prevalence is very high. So most of the funding that comes in for most of the research to test these drugs experimentally in a laboratory setting are from like the US, Australia and the European Union. So there's not much need from them to focus more on developing a therapeutic vaccine. But when it comes to the developing world there is a massive need. M >> so it all comes down to funding and if you experimentally test these drugs only that it could be fed to a database where you can acquire the data and develop the machine learning model to find the prospective drugs from a random set of compounds. >> Thank you very much. I guess this is just right on time and I hope that judges are happy with the question and we can have a off conversation. So let's move on to the next competitor. So I would like to u introduce Celis Tina from Malaysia and from Sarowak and her topic is about Malaysia electricity and the ocean. So please just present your we are waiting to watch your video. I just want to let you know, Celestina, that we don't have the audio. Can you please stop and >> Oh, okay. , give me a moment. >> Yes, sure. Do let me know if there's any of you. >> Not yet, but we tested and it works. So, can you just please again? , >> I'm so sorry. , give me >> That's okay. I think this is again something in the digital environment that every one of us are experiencing every day no matter how many >> when you share your screen you need to share for audio as well. >> So it's down the bottom share sound and optimize for video clip. >> Thank you Claire. >> That's okay. That's what I'm here for, right? Okay. It's interesting. We tested and it worked, but now I cannot hear the audio. All right. >> I've got it open. I'm happy to do this. >> Can you may >> I will just I just have to find it. I'm so sorry. I've got a billion things open right now. So, >> I am so sorry. I am sorry. >> No, no, it's totally fine. These things happen. >> And I have Janet as a backup as well. But, , Betty >> Oh god, I did exactly the wrong thing. I did exactly not sharing for sound. Sorry, everyone. All right. Ah, I can't hear it either. >> Electricity, just like money, it makes the world go round. There are many >> I'm just going to start again. My apologies. >> Electricity, just like money, it makes the world go round. There are many sources from which electricity are produced. And these many sources are either renewable energy such as wind energy, solar energy and water energy or non-renewable energy like fossil fuel energy. Now between these two we know that non-renewable energy has been a constant in the production of electricity. Most countries like Malaysia depend on fossil fuel energy to help generate electricity. But there are consequences to this. A most notable form of consequence can already be observed in the changes we see occurring in the world today, which is climate change. And what causes this is the release of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas that traps heat in the atmosphere from the usage of fossil fuel energy. I'll give you a rundown of how this happens. Here is Kapar power station, a thermal power station utilizing coal as its primary fuel and gas as a secondary. The first coal fired power plant in the country and the largest. It works with a steam boiler that is fueled by either coal or natural gas, producing steam, then activating a turbine that drives the alternator to produce electricity. However, the burning of these fuels releases carbon dioxide. Looking at the Earth as a greenhouse, carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere, the Earth's glass roof, causing for the increase in global temperature. NASA reported that the temperature has increased up to 1. 02째 C in 2020. It might not seem much, but with the current climate changes occurring in the world today, it is no petty matter. In a developing tropical country like Malaysia, where the need for electricity is ever growing as time passes and population increases, it is necessary for the country's electricity suppliers to phase out of using fossil fuels for the sake of decreasing the emission of carbon dioxide. Did you know that Malaysia has a dependency on fossil fuels for the production of electricity? With the values being at 90% in 2015, fossil fuel is bound to run out one way or another. And Malaysia is still getting hotter by the day due to these emissions. And there are still remote areas in Malaysia that depend on portable generators running on fuel just to light up the night. With this knowledge, there have already been endeavors to switch to renewable energies such as dams in Sarawa or hydroelectric power plants. But dams are known to have caused environmental damages, constantly receiving backlash from the people and most hydroelect electric power plants in Malaysia are still utilizing coal in electricity production. For a country that is strategically located between the oceans, it will be wise for them to utilize ocean thermal energy conversion also known as OTCH instead. Let me explain what OTCH is. The ocean is vast and deep having parts where the sun has never touched before. Techch relies on this needing a heated ocean surface to heat fluids like ammonia that can easily boil at low temperatures to power turbines producing energy after which the heated fluids are cooled by the cold water from the ocean depths and recycled. The best part of it, no carbon dioxide is ever released. Studies show that there is a trough just off the Sabahan coast that goes as deep as 2,900 m with temperatures as low as 4째 C deep within and 29째C at the surface. Just this trough alone has the potential of producing up to 50,000 megawatt, which is double the current electricity power capacity in the whole of Malaysia. To put it into perspective, 1 megawatt can supply up to roughly 650 homes. Can you imagine how much more 50,000 can do for a whole country? OTE greatly benefits Malaysia in so many ways. It can easily help the country shift into renewable energy as well as slow down climate change and the everinccreasing global temperatures. This shift can tremendously improve the lives of the citizens as there would not be any worries of where electricity would come from if the natural resources are used up in the nearby future. Stepping into the future where OTCH replaces fossil fuels may just be the step that can bring the country into a new era of renewable energy and cooler days. Thank you so much. All right. Now we are going to set the time and we are open to any question, suggestion, feedback. From the judges, Alan. >> All right. , I'll jump in now. Celestina, that was that was a wonderful video. Really, I just enjoyed the vibe was really relaxing, quite frankly. So, it was very nice delivery. The you raised the point on the OTC and the I would have loved to seen a diagram to explain a bit better because I think I understand it physically, but a little arrow diagram. Could you give me a sense of what scale physical scale a plant is required to generate that 50,000 megawws from that trough you mentioned are we talking something akin to that coal powered plant in just the infrastructure size or you know how does it work in that sense? >> based on size I guess you could say have you ever seen an offshore plant? >> Mhm. It would be around that size at the very least. >> Okay. Like an offshore oil rig. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, that's not too challenging. A good way to repurpose. >> so certainly if you if you've been able to present something about that scale that would have been really valuable just to give I think the audience that sense. But I really love that you spoke about the hydro positives and negatives. But perhaps the OTC could have been presented in that way. But otherwise I think that was a really fantastic work and I'm interested to know more about OTH. >> Okay. Thank you. >> Yeah, Alan I was just going to add to that. I think it was really lovely presenting solutions but then actually giving the audience what the issues are like actually raising those issues. That's really it's great storytelling. I think one of the real strengths of your of this particular work is how well you married live imagery. I don't know if that footage is yours or not but it's actually really good. , so photos. >> Was it yours? >> Oh, no. It was mostly stock videos, but some of them were actually mine as well. >> Yeah, I know. I can see some handheld stuff in there, and it's actually really charming. , it actually really resonates with your voice and the pacing of the video. Like, it's actually a really emotive story that you're telling because you can tell how much it means to you. So, I think actually using that kind of design, visual storytelling is really beautiful. And you actually nailed you nailed the emotional stuff with matching really good imagery. So I think well done on that. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you. So still we have few seconds. Do we have any anything? Yes, Virginia. >> Sure. I've got lots of questions. But I guess the biggest one is how feasible is it? And so it obviously would be a huge impact. How feasible is it do you think to bring this in for to that 50,000 megawatts? Was that the right number? Don't have the right number of euros there. Yeah, >> it is. Actually it is quite a feasible act in a way because they've already we've already done so many efforts in planting in making coal plants or oil rigs. So to say that to say that it is not a feasible feat would not be good I mean would not be true in a way because the only the only reason why it cannot be cannot can cannot be conducted is due to funding honestly and further research into this topic. So you're saying it needs a bit more promotion so we can put it up there alongside wind and solar and other renewable energies. >> Yeah, because there are actually other places for example in Hawaii where OTCH is being used very exponentially actually. >> It's great. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> I think that is just on time. So thank you very much. And I guess I would like to invite the next competitor who is Jonathan again from Malaysia. So this time Malaysia did a great job. You see and I tried to balance the gender here and I've tried to balance within Australia but this is what we have. So Jonathan is going to present the significance of using photoropic microorganism in harnessing solar energy to make hydrogen. And Jonathan, could you please present your video? Hi everyone, my name is Jonathan Lee. Welcome to my presentation video. Did you know that hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe? It is found in the most of the stars. It is also an essential element for life because it is not only present in water but in almost all the molecules in living things. In the chemical industry, it is used in the harbor process which is the making of ammonia for agricultural fertilizer. It is also used in the glass and electronic industry as well. Wow, so many users. This brings us to our topic for this video in which I will be presenting regarding the significance of using photorophic microorganisms in harnessing solar energy to make hydrogen and its social impact. In brief, photorophic microorganisms such as rotobacttor spoids and rodtobactor capsulators produce hydrogen mainly through two processes known as photoermentation or co- metabolism of nitrogen fixation. Now let us move on to our first point on how this topic is significant which is that Sarawa is aiming to be the pioneer in hydrogen economy. Sarawa currently only has an integrated facility consisting of a plant that produces hydrogen through electrolysis which is an electrochemical process or in layman's term hydrogen is produced from water which is located in Mintawa Kuching. One thing to note is that there is the existence of photobiioactors that are used for culturing photorophic microorganisms that enables hydrogen production using photorophic microorganisms. The examples mentioned earlier. One such example would be the flat panel photo bioreactors that have high surface to volume ratio and the shorter light path which is evenly distributed across the reactor for the increased efficiency of hydrogen production. In order to be the pioneer, Sarowat will of course have to be able to mass-produce hydrogen so that the hydrogen produced can not only be used in Sarowat but can also be exported to other countries. This is where this topic comes into play. The social impact being that this will help boost the overall economy of Sowa as the hydrogen's global market is expected to reach US dollar of 196 billion by the year 2030. Another reason why this topic is significant which is also directly related to its social impact is that hydrogen is a green energy meaning that it is eco-friendly and it does not cause pollution. This will help reduce air pollution and decrease the carbon footprint in Sowak. An example of application of hydrogen that does not cause air pollution obviously is the hydrogen buses they are getting quite popular in Sarawa. Next let's move to the viability of this topic. One of the reasons would be that there is year-long sunlight in Sarawa thus making it possible for the photorophic microorganisms to generate hydrogen from solar energy every day. Another reason of viability is that there is already an existing photobiioactor in Sowa which is the SPCNC algae cultivation facility. The largest outdoor algae cultivation facility in Southeast Asia and also a joint collaboration project between Sowat Biodiversity Center and Mishubishi Corporation with technical support from a biotechnology company Chito's laboratory which is used to produce dried ali biomass. Therefore, it is very viable for there to be another photobiactor specialized in the production of hydrogen with the right collaboration between governmental agencies and private companies which means space and cost will not be of issues. After watching this video, do you think that this topic is reasonable and is it a viable project to be carried out in Sawa? Let me know what you think. These are the references that I've used to make this video. Thank you so much for watching this video. Have a great day. Thank you very much, Jonathan. Thank you. And I hope that you have a great day. So now if you can Yeah. So we are now open to the judges and let's see if we have any question, comments, suggestion, feedback. >> Virginia, do you want to? >> Well, I can provide some feedback. I really liked the video. I found there was a little bit of humor in there. It was very engaging and yes it was a great slides and oh maybe not slides but content and so yeah I liked it a lot. So it sounds like this is a viable project. Can you talk a little bit more about what it costs to use this methodology? , and what do what do you think this is going to be the one that we use in the future or is it does it need more investigation before we make that decision? >> you're talking you're asking about the cost is it? Yeah, >> the cost at the moment I'm not quite sure because usually the they're actually like projects handled by the governmental agencies and they're also a collaboration with other private companies like for example the one that I mentioned in the video the SBCMC algae cultivation facility. Yeah, that's actually a project between one of the Sowat governmental agencies which is Sarowat Biodiversity Center with Mitsubishi Corporation. So, so usually they handle the co cost. So, I don't really think that public would know how much it is. >> So, yeah. , could you repeat your second question? >> , I guess so the reason I asked about a cost is because that's a really big consideration when you're producing hydrogen. And so my second question was then sort of following on from that whether you think that this is going to be the technology you know that we're going to use in the future for producing hydrogen. >> Yeah I think so because as of the moment right they only have electrolysis and so what do their goal is to become the pioneer in hydrogen economy because it's not really very famous in other countries yet. So in order to reach that goal right they have to have like a lot of sources to produce hydrogen. So now they only have electrolysis. So if they add one more then of course they will be able to massproduce hydrogen. So yeah I think I think yeah that this is the future for producing hydrogen. Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. >> Answer your question. >> Thank you. So, do we have more question or concern for Jonathan? If we don't, I'm happy to just move on to the next presentation. All right, let's move on to the next presentation. So, thank you very much, Jonathan. So, I think the next video is going to be presented by Caleb. So, and the title for his video is the acid sea. Caleb, could you please present your video? >> Yep. Hold on. I'm just trying to find the screen. >> No worries. The ocean. An absolutely beautiful and stunning ecosystem teameming with life. Life so vastly different to ours, yet so similar. These alien creatures have to adapt and deal with what seems like an entirely different planet. A planet so hostile to us that we ought to have been able to travel there without the use of expensive state-of-the-art equipment. And even then, we're not safe. Preserving and protecting this other world is of utmost importance. And what better way to do that than to tackle one of the biggest threats the ocean has ever seen, the horrifying phenomenon of ocean acidification. Ocean acidification at a base level is the name given to the gradual acidification of the ocean's waters over an extended period by the absorption of excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. This is based on the pH scale. PH is a logarithmic measure of how acidic or basic a given aquous subject is from 0 to 14 where the lower the number, the more acidic the solution. During the industrial revolution, the pH of the ocean was measured at 8. 2. 2 and in 2021 it was measured at 8. 1. This 0. 1 decrease may seem like a small change, but scientists say that this is roughly a 30% increase in the ocean's acidity in just over 200 years. As CO2 enters the water, it begins to mix and dissolve to a point where it can actually react with the water, the H2O molecules to create a substance called carbonic acid. Upon the eventual dissociation of carbonic acid, it releases two ions, one of which is a hydrogen plus ion. In pH theory, these free hydrogen plus ions are directly responsible for acidity levels within a solution, driving down the pH and affecting the various senses of marine fauna like sight, smell, and even affecting fertility. This is also one of the main causes of coral bleaching. The second substance released upon dissociation are bicarbonate ions. Calcium carbonate is a crucial molecule for underwater creatures, particularly marine calcifiers such as crabs, lobsters, clams, starfish, and even marine snails, which use this molecule as a building block to create their shells and skeletons. Carbonic acid steals the carbonate from the water from them, forcing it to react with itself rather than any calcium ions to create bicarbonate, which is an entirely useless molecule and only serves to impede marine calcifiers, making their shells and skeletons extremely weak and brittle, able to break with merely the turn of a finger. How can a person stop something of this caliber? That's just the thing. We can't. Not on our own, anyway. This is something that is destroying our oceans all over the world. I ran a little survey with some people I know from all parts of society and out of 24 people, only five had ever heard of ocean acidification before. And only three of those five actually knew what it was. The lack of knowledge about something so crucial is likely one of the reasons it's running so rampant today. And with countries like Australia still depending on fossil fuels for power, only more carbon dioxide is going to be pumped into the atmosphere to accelerate this process further. The best thing an individual like yourself can do to try and combat this situation is to try and reduce your carbon footprint by eating less meat, using less energy, conserving your water, and more. But to make a real change, the best thing that we as a team can do is to act on climate change policy. Join a campaign and support various organizations based on dealing with the issue. The need for a real concrete solution is now. Are you doing what you can to make that happen? Thank you so much for listening and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day. Nice. It was very inspiring. Thank you very much Clay Lip. So now we are open to the judges and for a moment I was thinking as a human what we are doing to the environment do you know I don't know if u the microorganism or the other do you know the plants or animals they can talk what do they talk about us as a human anyway let's open to the judges I can see Jane do you want to start >> I do thank you Kell for really wonderfully produced video there. I have to say two things. One thing I learned something. So thank you for that. I was probably one of those people if you had surveyed me I would have been in the negative. I would not have known about the acidification of the ocean. So thank you for teaching me something today. I think also the other thing that you did really well was the call to action. It was very clear and it was very striking as to you were very upfront and said this is what we need to do with humans to make a difference. So I congratulate you on that. It was a very strong message and I think that carried through throughout your video presentation. So thank you for that. Well done. >> Thank you. >> Thank you Alan. >> Yeah I was going to second that. I think a very strong call to action which is always great. I think the so just look at my notes. I enjoyed the production choice and particularly some of the graphics or imagery that you used. Keen to know did you do that or was that by ne if I saw a logo hanging around there which was very helpful but either way it was all married together very well. I will point out that the your choice of water in the audio as a in the background that was inspired. I mean that was a really nice touch that I only caught about 30 seconds I think after you started bringing it in. So that was really excellent and I suddenly realized I was listening to water as just such a more immersive trick to storytelling but it did make a profoundly impactful point. So, so just specifically asking about your graphics. , but then also just be balanced in use of emotion and alarmist. It's such a fine line. If you want to get the heart, you've got to go the emotion. That's how you get your call to action. Too much and it's paralyzing. So, it's a really fine balance. I think you did a really good job with that. But just always be mindful in your work when you use it. It is the most powerful way to get people on board. But too much and you can have the opposite effect. >> Awesome. Thank you guys. >> All right. So, okay. So, if that was something that we had from the judges. Okay. Now let's move on to the last presentation and I would like to invite Eggbal to present the video and the title of this video is tobacco legislation in Malaysia. An average of 60 million people die worldwide. Over half of those deaths can be attributed to 10 leading causes and seven out of 10 of those causes are non-communicable disease. Cancer is placed second with an estimated 1. 9 million of cancer deaths are by tracheal bronus and lung cancer. Tobacco and cigarettes remain the leading cause of lung cancer. With the decades of awareness campaigns on the dangers of tobacco and cigarettes, there isn't a single human who isn't aware of the dangers of smoking. You'll be able to see these warning labels on almost all tobacco products. These labels show the effect of tobacco, but does not inform how tobacco and cigarette harm the body and cause cancer. People who smoke cigarettes are 15 to 30 times more likely to get and die from lung cancer. And the main culprit are carcinogens. Carcinogens are simply any substances that promote the formation of cancer. Tobacco contains 60 wellestablished carcinogens such as policy aromatic hydrocarbons, aldahhides, and aromatic amines to name a few. Carcinogens in general damage our DNA and the instructions within the DNA that protect us against cancer. Now, the answer to avoid this as an individual, it's obvious. Avoid and stop smoking. Just after 20 minutes after your last cigarette, your blood pressure and pulse will begin to return to normal. Five years later, your risk of dying due to lung cancer is nearly half of when you smoked. 10 years later, your risk of dying due to lung cancer is decreased to that of a non-smoker. Now, I'd be remiss not to address the fact that tobacco and cigarettes contain nicotine, a highly addictive drug that causes your brain to release dopamine and reinforces the usage of tobacco. Displayed on the screen right now are hotlines and services within Malaysia and Australia that can provide information and counseling on how to stop smoking. The journey to quit smoking is most definitely not easy, but you certainly don't have to do it alone. Unfortunately, the dangers posed by smoking does not dissipate once you've stopped smoking. Secondhand smoking is the inhalation exposure to the smoke that comes from the burning of tobacco exhaled by a smoker. Secondhand smoke causes lung cancer and people who have never smoked. Even brief secondhand smoke exposure can damage cells and increase the risk of developing lung cancer by 20 to 30%. This highlights the need for initiatives and legislative control measures to reduce and prevent the dangers of smoking and secondhand smoke. In Malaysia, smoking is prohibited in public transportations, certain public spaces, health, education, and government facilities to name a few. Virtually all forms of tobacco advertisements and promotions are prohibited. Taxes and minimum price for tobacco and cigarettes are imposed with the minimum price for a pack of cigarettes at 10 Malaysian ringit. Health warnings are required to occupy cigarette packs with 50% of the front in Bahasa Malayu and 60% of the back in English. Although tobacco laws in Malaysia are extensive and aligned with the WH's framework convention on tobacco control, there are certainly limitations and improvements to be made. Current Malaysian tobacco laws does not allow authorities to regulate the contents of cigarette or require manufacturers to disclose its contents. Regulation will allow authorities to pursue the lowering of nicotine and cigarettes and disclosure allows users to be more aware of the levels of tobacco and any additives. Health warnings are certainly present on cigarette packs in Malaysia, but only on cigarette packs and not other tobacco products. Australia became the first country to implement plain packaging on tobacco in December 2012. A government study between 2012 and 2015 found that there was this 25% decline in smoking prevalence attributed to plain packaging. 3 years after the full implementation of plain packaging, an estimated 100,000 less Australians smoked. Legislation initiatives remain an effective tool to reducing the prevalence of smoking. Regulation and disclosure ensures that the consumers are protected and remained informed. Plain packaging is an proven initiative to reducing the prevalence of smoking. I call upon Malaysia to implement further tobacco laws that will protect the health of everyone. I would like to end with another reminder that tobacco and cigarettes contain nicotine, a highly addictive drug. Although legislation is a top-down approach at addressing the dangers of tobacco, the change begins with you. In the spirit of the recent mental health day, I would like to reassure you that there is absolutely no shame in seeking support to stop smoking. The journey to stop smoking is tough and long, but it's a journey worth pursuing for yourself and the people around you. And if you are on the journey to stop smoking, I wish you luck. Thank you so much Akbal. So hopefully we are if there is anyone smoking we are they are going to listen to you. So Alan >> yeah I hope so certain certainly will after that video. Well done. I just want to note the how rare it is to see a science communication video on science policy and I want to applaud that. That is not an easy topic to make policy engaging and interesting. So I wanna want to celebrate that. Well sorry I do sorry I might have missed this at the end. Was the you does MA currently have plain packaging or your call is because I think it was on certain aspects of tobacco but not all aspects. Is that what Australia has done different and more? Is that is that the call to action that you would like to see taken up? >> yes. We only have a requirement of 50% of health warnings at the front of cigarette packs and 60% in the back and only on cigarettes and not on other tobacco products such as chewing tobacco or any other tobacco products. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. I see. All right. So, I think just from the perspective of the science communication piece that needed to be slightly tighter because I just I might have missed that subtle point. I think having the broader vision of a call to action for support for people is was also really unusual but really worked like it for me personally it was quite effective in terms of that you connected with the audience on that on that personal level. Well, I'm not going to ask if you're yourself a former smoker or not, but there certainly was that did seem to be a deeply held feeling about that and that was conveyed, I think, quite beautifully and profoundly. So, so well done. That was again you turned science policy into an engaging video which is not easy. So, well done. Thank you. >> Thank you, Alan. Thank you very much. We have more question, feedback, Virginia. >> Sure. , thank you for the , engaging presentation. , and I just wanted to echo , Ellen's comments, I guess, around the policy and the , the call to action. If you I think most people watching this would have a really clear idea of why you shouldn't smoke and some of the issues or I guess policy ideas around plain packaging and so on. Yes. So I guess my question is would you be aiming this at an audience of people who are smokers or people or audience of say people who are making regulations around smoking? What do you what was your aim around this one? I think it was more for policy makers and people who regulation because I think it's important to for them to see what sort of the necessary changes we need to keep up with the tobacco laws and the innovations that are found just across the sea and just across our borders and what we could do to echo their sort of changes. >> Yeah. In that case because you explained the issue and then explained the some of the factors around choosing or not choosing smoking and the benefits of not smoking. I think that was very well presented for that particular audience. So thank you. >> Thank you. >> Thank you Virginia. I think that was the end of the sixth best presentation. Of course, again I want to remind that we have our semi finalist in the as part of our audience. I can see some of them. So I guess it was difficult for us as always but we and it's going to be more difficult because now we are going to invite the judges to leave us and they go to the breakout rooms to make a decision. I know that is difficult. We leave it to you and we are going to have a fun in the main room. So we are going to have a people's choice and we are going to play cahoot question based on these six presentation. So and we have a prize for the winner if we learn something from this presentation. So Janet could you please let us know that if the judges are going to be in the breakout rooms. >> Yes I've just opened their room. >> Perfect. I can see the judges are not here anymore. All right. So that means it comes to us. So if you can please Klan are we going to start with the slido where we are going to inform everyone about the people's choice? >> Yes. Yes. They can I will I can share my screen where in to show where they can vote. >> Perfect. >> Should I share it now? >> Yes, please. And then I will ask Sam. So Sam be please be ready. But that's after Kaslyn. >> Okay. All right. But I you won't see the results, right? >> No, I don't want to see the result. Please keep it to yourself and I will ask you to announce it after judges announce the winner. >> All right. >> Yes. So you can join the voting >> by visiting this site slido. Com and enter the number 123289 >> and then you can put in your vote. >> Okay, I can see actually that comes to my mobile phone. You just need to scan the code and that directly take you to the list of six topic. So the first one started with the Matthew and the last one with the egg ball. So please go ahead and what to your best you know video presentation. So and now I think we just keep it for a few seconds castan make sure everyone it's ready it's happy I can see the votes are actually coming all right so it seems that it's happening now I believe now people they already access and please let us know in the chat if you want castlan to present this slide again but now I would like to invite Sam to share the Oh, we have a judges coming back. Jean, >> sorry, bitter. I seem to have lost connection and then I need to be put into the breakout room. >> Sure, no worries. It's good to know. >> Someone can push me over. >> That's good to know. Okay, Janet, could you please manage Jean to go back to the breakout rooms, please? >> I'm not sure I can. I don't. Oh, really? >> Oh, hang on. >> All right, let's see. >> Done. >> Can you please stop sharing? And I >> Yep, I will do that. , hang on. It just says close. Yeah, stop sharing. >> Okay. Now Sam, could you please present the I know that this is just to tell please add this pin code and please add your please make sure the winner needs to send an email to me. Okay. And this is not for the competitors. Please finalist you're out of this competition. So this is just for the audience. >> Can the finalists just join and do it for fun and if when they get >> Of course. Of course you can join for a fun. >> Awesome. >> Awesome. All right. I can see the names are coming. So please add your the pin code. If you're lucky, you are going to win 50 bucks. And of course, it's not just lucky. If you actually I should correct myself. If you listen to the if you learn from what you presented during the video presentation, I'm sure you all see it. It just give you more extra maybe another two minutes, one minute. I can see there are 27 participants. So if you're interested to join us, please add this code. Maybe another 30 seconds. I can see you are still here. J can you didn't able to invite. >> Yeah, I've put it back again >> because I can see Jean still I can see Jean is still is in the main room. >> She should be back in the breakout room now. >> Yes. The more participants we have the more challenging the question. Exactly. All right. So before I ask Sam to start, Jean, can you please let us know if you are in a breakout rooms or you are still here? Okay. All right, Sam, can we please start? Here we go. A generic plastic bottle can be broken down in just under. I think the speed is also important. Well done. Let's move on to the next question. And thank you, school bird. What happens first when carbon dioxide enters the water? Good. Let's move on. Thank you, scoreboard. So, let's move on to the next question. How do you think machine learning would help drug discover processes? Okay, now let's move on to the next question. Thank you, scoreboard. And that would be I think the last question. Oh, no. Still it's question number five. Thank you. Let's go. All right. Now we are going to see of course we have Thank you very much. But we have one just one winner and that is Jonathan. If Jonathan is the competitor, the number two is going to be the winner. So, we are going to confirm. I'm going to take a screenshot because I need to have this. , thank you very much, Sam. So, we can stop sharing. I just have a concern about that Jean is here in the main room and I want to check you were not able. >> Sorry bit no I just couldn't get into the breakout room. I tried about 12 times and it just wouldn't let me in. So but hopefully the other judges have my can see my scoring card and can use that as an input. Maybe if you type in the online form for Alan so he can see who might be like potentially if you just or it's just according to this your score so that >> yes they should be able to see yes I have indicated my scores yes >> good I'm glad that we have those score and sorry I think technology is great but sometimes >> not our friend today >> sorry Jane I can't say why you not join at all. >> Yeah, just a mystery. One of those mysteries. But that's okay. >> That's okay. That happens. We are going to learn from this. But I'm glad that okay for all of the audience this conversation about the judges supposed to they already they all have access to the online form. I can even see the scores. I can see the comments and feedback that is going to be shared with our competitors. So everything is based on the judges score. So Jean is here with us but he's the scoreer that she considered for you. I can see it in the online form. So our judges Alan Daffy and Virginia and Claire I'm sure they look after your score Jane. Thank you. >> Indeed. Indeed. And Castlan. So, I know that you're not going to announce the Venus, not now, but do we know the answer? >> I guess I just want to know. >> Shall I close the voting? >> how many how many awards did we have? >> what do you mean awards? >> The numbers. H the number of votes >> I had 29. >> All right. Because we had 29 but now we I think some people had to leave. All right. >> Okay. Yeah. >> I think you we can close the word and whatever you have just keep it and I'm going to >> All right. This is very exciting. And Janet what is the plan? Are we going to invite the judges to come back? >> They had 15 minutes, but they still want them to come back early. I'll send them a message. >> Yes. All right. So, thank you so much everyone. And of course, please be ready after judges coming and they announced the you know the judges choice for start talking 2021. We are going to have a and cast announced the people's choice. We are going to have a photo together and that is going to be with the camera on. So if you want to do something just please be ready and be here. You're going to take a photo. >> Okay. >> Can I mention bit while we're waiting for the judges to come back that first of all, thank you so much for inviting me back for a second year in a row. And it's lovely to join you again. It's always exciting to see these really interesting ideas that the students have. So, it's I certainly learned heaps again this year. , and I'd also like to give a shout out to the Malaysian students who have participated this year. , I have to admit, , I was born in Malaysia, so , I was born in Koala Lumpur. , so, , it's, it's really nice to see, , my home country represented here today. So, but no favoritism though. Absolutely no f >> of course. Of course. I think , that is very good to hear. I think that's a very good and I believe Dino I think for us being in a science and in STEM area and seeing the more students are passion to join us and tell and share their story and bring the innovative idea. I mean it's all about learning from each other and that is fantastic. I can see the judges are here. I hope you were able to see Jane's score because technology didn't help us to do you know invite her again and yeah but we are hoping if one of the judges and this is very exciting moment who is from the judges is going to announce the judges the winner Virginia so Virginia please tell us about the judges choice of the winner of a start talking 2021. >> Okay. Well, firstly, I'd like to congratulate everybody again. , we have had a very robust discussion in the judging breakout room. , we've gone through all of the talks and we thought they were absolutely fantastic. And even though this is my first time, I know Claire and Ellen have been doing this for a number of years and they've mentioned that this year is even better than ever. And so I think that is testament to all of the hard work that's gone into these videos and also beta and all the and the teaching team. Thank you for all of your hard work in this. So it was tough but we do have a winner and do I just announce it? I guess I do. Our winner for today is Matthew Shipper with the M plastics. We really loved this. We thought the animation was absolutely fantastic. The science was spot on and it had a wonderful message. , not a wonderful message but a wonderful message and a hopeful message as well. , we really liked it. So, congratulations on your on your work, Matthew. >> Thank you so much, Virginia. And congratulation to Matthew. So, well done. Of course. , I'm going to share all the feedbacks from our judges. So, and , thank you so much. So, well done. Please do not go anywhere because Casteline is going to announce the people's choice and we are going all to have a memory of tonight. We are going to have the camera on and we are going to you know save this moment. Klan, could you please tell us who is the people's choice? >> Do you want to see the whole vote? >> Let's go for it. >> Okay. All right. I'll share I'll share the screen and then so we can see where the voting went. It should be right. So I hope I hope you can see the screen. >> it started to be shared but I cannot see it. >> Okay now we can see. >> Not yet. Nothing. Nothing on the screen. >> We can see the list of the >> Okay. All right. So, I should >> And 29 W. >> Announce it. >> Yes, please. >> Okay. 29 votes. >> Yes. >> And the result is >> the result there. >> Yeah. We can see Okay, >> the winner is Malaysia electricity and the ocean. >> Thank you so much. This is the visualization of the data from announcing the winner of the people's choice. So, thank you so much. And that is I think the Malaysia electricity and the ocean was the topic and Celestina. So from the Sarak is the people's choice. Thank you so much Keslan. So now if you can if you can stop sharing. Now I want to invite everyone to please turn on your camera and do not forget and a smile for sharing your happiness and this moment and that is going to be dedicated to the time that Matthew and Celestina spent to create this fantastic inspiring video. This is just the beginning of your journey as a science communicator and we love what you're doing and we are going to meet each other and we are going to discuss how we can go to the state STEM public speaking. So I'm just waiting and keep talking and yeah so Matthew do you want to share your feeling? >> I was not expecting a win that's for sure. I really I'm really happy about it though obviously. Yes, I can see how passionate you were to make sure that Oh, beta, did you consider my video for a start talking? I said yes. >> Yeah, I was I was initially concerned because it was, you know, someone else's marketing. They didn't mention anything about it and I was really I was I have a lot of I have let me restart that. I have a decent amount of pride in the stuff I did and all that. I think it looks very well. I'm mainly proud of the aesthetics obviously because that's the main selling point of that. I believe I suppose. >> Thank you very much, Matthew. I guess I just want to say that the passion is we need to celebrate the your passion. Anyway, I just want to make sure that this is the few seconds. Can you please for the few seconds turn on your video? I can see some of the video is not on. We want to see your beautiful faces because I want to capture if it's okay. Okay, I'm going to count down. Three. Two. Oh, I can see another one. Okay. One and a half. And one. And let's take a photo with a smile. Okay. Please wait. , I just need to make sure that I've done the right thing. I did. And congratulation again. And thank you everyone. The judges, we really appreciate your valuable time. Matthew, you are going you won the 400 bucks and Celestina, you won 100 bucks and I'm going to be in contact with you. And the winner of the cohort question, can you please send an email, can I ask to identify who was Jot and just stay in the main room and add your name in the chat? So I need to know who is the do you know the audience winner so I can send you your 50 bucks and thank you so much. This is the end of our start talking 2021. I'm going to meet all the finalists and semi- finalists. Our vision is let's make the world a better place to live and we are very passionate about it and we are going to keep doing all of this fantastic job. But we without you students and your passionate students we cannot do this. I really appreciate you and extra time that you spend on this and Janet is going to send you the evaluation your feedback your constructive feedback is always very important. I would like to thank you to my colleague Keslan, Janet and Irene. And I would like to appreciate Sam one of our students who is now the mentor. So thank you so much everyone. I'm very excited. Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you very much. >> Thank you.