# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Adobe Rush (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the storytelling video by Adobe Rush. So we are here today with a very informative session about using the Adobe Rush. This can be something that you need as part of your assessment in the unit that you are taken or enrolled or it might be something that you would like to improve in terms of your digital skills. Considering nowadays most of the you know some of the even conferences you need to submit your video. So you will really want to present yourself professionally and of course that is aligned with the start talking competition which is coming on 14th of October 2021 is the Swimburn you know local competition for STEM public speaking which is open to all the Swimburn students here in Australia and Sarowak. So there is a poll and you see on the page we want you to take an action on And I invite Janet to just I can see the results. But if Janet, do you want to touch base on the outcome? >> So I'm sharing the poll results. Can you see them? >> Yes, we can see them. Thank you, Janet. >> So do you want to read or I read Janet because we want to move to the next part. >> Okay. So the question was how important is digital literacy for STEM communication and your career? We have 13 of you. So 68% of you are saying it's vital and I want all the tips and advice I can get. 37% of you are saying I know I need to develop my skills but I haven't really thought about it as yet. And no one is saying that they don't think they will need the skills for their career. So that's really pleasing to see that everyone is aware of the importance of digital literacy and also STEM communication. Thank you so much Janet. I know you were working hard to organizing this kind you know events and I wanted you to be part of that. Thank you very much for the outcome and I guess now I would like to go with the acknowledgements of the country. So on behalf of the people who are in this meeting, I know that we have some staff or students from Malaysia, Sarvak, Simburn and in Australia. I would like to respectfully acknowledge the past, present and future traditional owners of the land and respect their culture and identity which has been bounded up with the land and sea for generations. So I guess if I want to brief you about what is planned for today, it's a very short session. That's why we want to make sure that we have an informative session teaching you about Adobe Rush. So our speaker tatana is she's going to explain and introduce herself shortly and she's going to take you to the Adobe rush step by step from the beginning to the end. We had this meeting yesterday and I'm sure that you are going to learn a lot and of course it's it's just a matter of spending some time and practice and applying that and if you don't get chance to answer your question or you don't know about your what question you might have or what concern or problems you might come across. So we have Adobe coaches available that they can provide you all the advices in the drop in session. So I guess the main part of this session is the Adobe Rush training. So I guess there is a so in the beginning I would like to invite you all to watch one minute video and after that I'm going to explain about what is the start topping competition is. So I'm u very honored to say that those students who are here today you might think that this is something that I don't know but the students who were in the second workshop by the way this is the third year that we are running this workshops and this competition. So we observe students progress and students success. So during all of these three years, so students started with a simple application or simple video production, they improve a lot and as a result of that this year in the state STEM public speaking which has a similar approach and criteria for the start talking competition all the three winners they actually the sunburn students so the winner the runnerup and the people's choice they were all swimmer students. So don't think that you so I guess it's just if you passion about the science communication this is where you can use of the technology to share your and communicate your science the way that a community can understand. So that is why we are here with this workshop to do you know to make sure that you receive all of the training and then it's all about your creativity and of course your scientific knowledge that is going to be or even your passion even if you are not in science area you can always be passionate about STEM or science or technology or engineering and you would think that you want to do you know share your science and I think everyone knows that the community knowledge is the very powerful source. People need to know and be aware of the science and we need to showcase some of the technology that they might expect in future. So for purpose of that we are going to learn this Adobe rush but you know that this is video production is something that it can be used everywhere. So I invite you all to watch this one minute of the start talking competition and if you think that you're interested to join us. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. I know that we made this in 2019 in the campus and I think everyone needs to be missing being in a campus. So the first the second workshop that we have now and it's going to be started by Adobe Rush training. It's and then if you're interested to be part of the audience so the showcase live showcase is on 14th of October but if you would like to compete so you are required to submit your talking point up to 300 words outline your STEM idea what references you use and let's say during you know we are here and we are going to support you but it's ideally should be during the week seven and eight. So we have drop in session Adobe coaches helping you with the Adobe rush training during week nine and of course the do you know the submission of 4minut video which is the entry to the competition it's by Monday 11th of October. So if you have anything that you can submit by Monday 11th of October by 5:00 p. M. To my email address you can see it's with a red you know po point in the slide. So you are going to compete and if you're the winner the story of your success is going to be published and there are more than that so we can discuss later I think without any delay I would like to invite patina to Tiana sorry I'm a bit difficult for me but I guess patiana to teach us about the Adobe rush And we would like to know about you Tatiana to see how you are you know going to teach us about the Adobe Rush. If you can introduce yourself that would be nice. Thank you. >> Thank you so much Bita. So yeah my name is Tatiana. I am a Swinbun graduate myself. I studied screen production at Swinburn and I graduated in July and I found a job as one of the Adobe coaches at Swinbon. So I know that beta will probably give you all the links you need if you need to get in touch with us. But I will also just copy them in the chat right now in case you know some people obviously don't check their emails very often. So if you need to get in touch with us those are our contact details. So I'll probably start by just very quickly showing you how to download Adobage if you haven't yet and if you don't know how to do it. , so I hope you can see it. , so when you just open the Adobe website, you will be prompted to login. So I'm already logged in, but you will be able to log in here. So login using your Swinbun Swindon username and Swindon password and obviously as a Swinbun student you have access to all Adobe apps for free which is quite amazing. So if you're prompted to choose and that is very important if you're prompted to choose whether you want to log in your studio in your personal account or in your school account choose school. So it might be kind of count intuitive. You might think that, you know, it's your personal account, but you have to choose school. Otherwise, you might not have access to all the apps and all the functions, but once you log in, if you click on those like little nine little squares, you can click on creative cloud here. And it might take a few seconds for Adobe to redirect you to the next page, but I already have it open, so please let me know if you can't see the next page. And once you are redirected to the next page, you can download apps from here. But I would recommend installing Creative Cloud for desktop first because otherwise again you might not have access to all functions if you don't like Adobe Fonts and just you know those nice little perks you get. So if you install Creative Cloud from here and then you launch the app again logging in using this Window username and password, you will be able to install Adobe Rush from there. So again should be simple. If you have any issues or questions feel free to contact us. But yes just please don't use a personal account. But once you install Brush once you open Rush this is the window you will see. So just to let you know Adobe Rush is a software which is tailored to the needs of people who are not video editors. It is very simple. It is very intuitive as I'm sure you will see. Unlike the flagship kind of video editing software Adobe provides which is Premiere Pro Raj doesn't have perhaps that much functionality but it lets you do pretty much everything you need and again it should be quite simple. So click on this big blue button to create a new project and you will be able to choose a folder where your assets are located and once you see your video assets. So I imagine you will have for instance like a recording of yourself talking about your chosen topic for this assignment or maybe some images some other video files you have downloaded and again Peter will provide you to leave some links to the website you can use for free images and stuff like that but just click on all the videos and images and media assets you want to import in your project and once you do you will be able to select the order in which you want to organize them. So, you will be able to rearrange them later on, but you can already decide in which order you want to organize them. , make sure that sync with Creative Cloud is ticked so you can continue editing your project on your mobile device and that it's automatically backed up. , obviously name your project. Don't have any untitled projects on your drive. We don't want that. , you can also make other changes to your project settings by clicking on this little settings button. , so you can change the aspect ratio of your project. Otherwise, it will be automatically kind of tailored to the media assets you selected. , you can also add some other neat functions which I will talk a bit more about later, but for now I'll just leave them unticked. Click okay and click on this big blue create button. It will take probably a few seconds for your assets to load especially if you're sharing the screen. Otherwise it should be a bit faster. But the project will be automatically saved and it will be automatically linked to Creative Cloud. So you don't have to worry about saving it yourself. And >> meanwhile loading is that possible for you like I've noticed that all of the images that you've selected it was already in the Adobe Rush. So if a students create some of the slides or take some of the images let's say from the free images from Adobe Stock so or something that is relevant to their topic. So they need to download it through the Adobe Rush. That is where they can select it the way that you selected. >> No sorry. So when I selected it I just kind of opened a media explorer. So I was already in the folder where all my assets were located. But yeah you can always select you can always select a different folder. So you can go to documents or to an external drive if you have an external drive collected and just kind of select the folder where your files are and then just select them from there. So it's more convenient if you have all assets in one folder. Otherwise you can always like you can still export them from different folders but it's more convenient this way. So make sure to just like put all of them in one folder and again your project is automatically saved. So as you see I clicked on the home button and u my project was already there as one of the latest projects. But once you download all your assets in into rush this is the screen you will be presented with and again apologies for all those delays. For the record I'm using my work computer so it shouldn't do that but it still does it. , so you will have all your tools on the left hand side or rather like all your tools for editing the clips. Then you will have more advanced tools on the right hand side and you will also have a few tools for importing and exporting in the top leftand corner. So again I already showed if you click on the home button you are redirected to the homepage. The share button is for exporting and saving your video. Which I will be talking about later and editing panel is where we are like now. So editing is obviously for editing your project. If you want to import more assets. So for instance you know you started editing your project and you recorded another video or you downloaded another photo and you want to upload it to your project. Just click on this big blue plus button and change sorry choose your media and again you will be presented with this kind of media explorer window. So again you can choose the folder where your assets are located and choose the file which you want to add and just click add. And once it's imported feel free to close this window using just like that. You can also click on this button to preview all the files you have in your project at the moment. So your project assets this is also your sequence. So sequence is actually like the timeline you're editing in. Otherwise those are all your files and you can see them all here. Also again while it's logging feel free to drop any questions obviously in the chat and I will do my best to address them when there is a pause. But okay so this is your main timeline you will be editing in. And obviously pre obviously Raj already arranges your files in the order you imported them in. But if you want to rearrange your files just feel free to you can always click on any file and just click and drag it and drop it between the clips you want it located in between. , so it will automatically snap into place. There will not be any gaps left in place. The garage will automatically make sure that everything is snapped together. , so this blue thing it's called playhead. And playhead shows where you are, which frame you're currently viewing. You can move it like that to obviously , kind of preview your project. And if you want to play a bad, you can obviously click on this play button or you can or you can click on the space button on your keyboard. It's a very simple shortcut. I would just recommend using space. So there little buttons next to your timeline underneath your timeline. They're called expand audio and control tracks. So I would recommend enabling them because that will just give you a bit more functionality. So if you use expand audio like I just did. It will show you if a video has an audio track attached to it, it will show that audio track underneath immediately. Otherwise you don't know if video has audio or not. So I would recommend keeping it on. And this is this button is called control tracks. And it just gives you a few functions next to tracks. So it allows you to hide video or mute audio. Just keep in mind that it's not just a function for preview. If you export your video while this is hidden or this is muted. Sorry. This is muted. This is the one I should say. It will actually import with without you know without images or without audio. You can also click and drag your clip kind of upwards the video clip upwards and it will create a next video track. So what it premiere oh sorry I keep saying Premiere but Rush will automatically play the clip which is positioned on the top of all the other clips. It will be the clip which is automatically previewed and which is automatically played. However, as I will show you later, if you lower its opacity or kind of move it around, it will actually show both clips which is on top and which is underneath. , and again the end refuses to preview it because it decided to lag today. So I do apologize about that. But once you're happy, for instance, if you're happy with this particular track and you really want to make sure that the clip stays in place and you don't move it around accidentally, you can use this lock button next to the clip and you will no longer be able to move it around. If you want to move it around, just click on the lock button again and it will unlock it and you will be able to move it. >> , can I ask you one question and I see there is one question from Metal in the chat room. So now you're talking about the different layers of the you know you know the sources. So let's say a students wants to talk about the science challenge >> or any topic they want to talk and then they want to present a different layer of the video or image or a table or a you know screenshot of the manuscript. So and at the same time the audio is actually they are talking as well. So is that possible how the audio and the student and like a presenter and the visual file is going to be matched together in three layers. >> So let's say this is our main file. So as you can see this file has audio. This is actually an empty audio. But let's just imagine for a second that this is a speaker. So obviously it's it's not actually a speaker, but if it was, just feel free to kind of drop your main video file with yourself talking about the topic on the main track on track number one. And then if you have anything you want to show while you're talking, you can drag those clips to track number two or track number three and lay them on top of one another like Peter said, like and you can place them in place. So when the video comes to this point it will show that video evidence like images or other audio other video files you added but the audio will keep playing so the audio will not be interrupted. So video and audio they're kind of independent of one another. So even though the video will be hidden the audio will continue playing. So don't try to like cut yourself. Just keep yourself on track number one and then add any other videos separately on top of yourself. It will be much easier. Another thing is that so you can see that a few clips here have audio and a few of those audio tracks are actually empty and this audio track is not empty as you can see by that waveform underneath. So you can always zoom in using plus and minus buttons on your keyboard or you can just drag your mouse to this bar under the timeline and zoom in and out you know just clicking and dragging here. And then obviously you can scroll use your mouse wheel to scroll through your timeline so to speak. But if you want to have this audio kind of previewed while you're scrubbing through the video, you can you can go a sequence here and you will have the setting play audio while scrubbing which I think it's very useful. So while you're previewing your track just by moving your playhead like that, you will be actually able to hear the audio like that. So it might be it be discarding maybe for you then feel free to go back to sequence and disable play audio while scrubbing. If you don't want the audio so for instance you imported the video you want to use as evidence for something you are talking about but this video comes with an audio clip which you don't need. You can right click on that video file and you will see separate audio. So expand audio just means show that it has the audio but we already expanded the audio for all tracks here. And separate audio means that now you will be able to move audio track independently. It appears on the audio track here and now you can move it around or you can delete it. So to delete a track you can click on the delete button here or you can use backspace or delete on the keyboard. Both of them work. So it will still show that the audio exists underneath the clip but it will be now grayed out. So it will not play. If the video you're using goss for too long. So for instance you started recording yourself. You know, you have all that like tapping on the screen while when you started recording maybe on your phone or maybe you made a mistake and you want to cut it out. You can always move the playhead this clip to play for it entire duration. So just move playhead where you want to make a cut and you can use this scissors tool to make a cut and it will automatically cut it. So you don't need to click anywhere just click on scissors it will automatically make a cut or you can use S on your keyboard as a shortcut. And again click on the part of the clip you don't need and click back space or delete and everything will snap back into place. Or you can also download the clip. So for instance maybe you want to create a title sequence and every time the title appears you want to do the same. I will show you how to create titles in a second but you can select any clip video clip image title and click on this duplicate u button and it will create a duplicate here. And you can play with them separately. So maybe you want this clip to go short for sure. You can play with it separately. If you move your but your mouse pointer to one of the ends of the clip, your mouse will become this kind of yellow arrow. So you can also instead of just cutting the clip, you can change its duration like that, clicking and dragging and it will obviously kind of still cut but it's just a bit easier. So, you know, it will cut the beginning or the end of the clip. , and it's not non-destructive. So, if you want to bring back what you just cut out, you can click on it again and drag the other way and you will be able to bring back the entire clip. I will stop sharing the video just because , as you have probably noticed, my computer is a bit , slow. So, again, apologies about that. But this is kind of all the functions you have on the left hand side. Just before I jump into more advanced functions, are there any questions about that? Is there anything like that clearly? Is it just fancy and more in depth movie maker? Well to an extent it's more in depth and it's more fancy. But yes, again, if you're looking for like a much more fancier and much more in-depth software, then again, Premier Pro would be the one for you. But I imagine that for this assignment, Adobe Rush is much more suitable and much easier to use. >> And I have one more question. So can you remind us how we can record our audio from this page that you are showing us? >> Yes. I will and just clarify my question. Let's say I am going to record a video when I'm working in the lab of a setting or an experiment that is running with a noise background. So the video 30 seconds has a noise. I want to remove that noise and I want to talk in that 30 second what is this setup is? >> Okay. So yes that is something I definitely don't cover right now. So you can recreate audio in this software. So for instance like Peter said if you need to redo your voice over or if you need to add additional voice over. So there are two ways to do it. You can click on this little microphone button. If you if you use this button to control tracks then you will be able to see your audio tracks and you can click on this little microphone button or alternatively you can click on this big plus button here and say audio. Oh no sorry voice over. I don't say audio say voice over. It changed in the recent update. Either way the microphone button on one of the tracks will change to this record button. So once you click on it the countdown will start and after that you can make your recording of the your voice over and pretty much say anything you need to say and once you finished click on the stop button here. So it will create this audio track. It will not be tied to any video clips. You will be able to move it around how however you want. Again, you can zoom in to see it better. , you can kind of move it like that for instance. Again, if you know if you have any mouse clicks in the recording or anything like that, just like a video clip, you can use those arrows to change it duration. You can use scissors to cut it. You can duplicate it. The same applies if you want to go into more advanced settings. Some more advanced settings are on the right hand side. This button is to give feedback to Adobe. So you probably don't need that. But let's start with audio and then I'll show you some advanced settings for video as well. Can we add small Sorry, I'll just I'm just looking at the chat. Yes, absolutely. So you can drop an image on top of your video and as I will show you in a second, you can move it around. , so you can just drop your image on the second track and then, you know, move it to where you want it to start. Maybe you want it to start here. Also, a nice thing is that if you have a play head on the frame where you want it to start and then you move the clip, it will snap to your play frame play head kind of. So, just make sure that you know you select the frame where you want it to start and then you can easily snap the image there. , so hopefully it helps. Just make sure that it has a transparent background if it's something like a circle because otherwise it will come with like a white thing in between. , which you pro which is probably not something you want. , but yeah, we go to advanced settings. So here you can change kind of make more advanced changes to your media. So, you have a few settings here, five to be precise. And this little waveform is for audio, but also if you just hover your mouse pointer above any of those buttons, it will show you what it does. So, you don't have to like memorize it. But this one is for audio. So, you can click on it, select the audio clip you want to make changes to. Advanced functions, it will probably look like that by default. So you can change the audio the clip volume. By default I think it will be at 50. But maybe you know maybe you don't want it to be that loud. Maybe it's actually too loud, too quiet. You can make changes. It doesn't have to be the voice over. It can be any clip. It can be a clip which you know comes with your video. You can still make changes to your audio. You can mute it if you want. You know for instance if you just want to mute one clip but you don't want to delete it. You don't want to mute the entire track. Maybe you know you just want to mute it for now. Advanced settings allow you to make more precise changes. So rush kind of tries its best to understand what type of audio it is. So for instance it understood that this was actually voice over. But if it's not sometimes it's not very good in understanding it. So for instance, this music under the clip with piece, it actually thinks it's voice over, but it's music. So you can always change it here. Change type music or other. And depending on the type of the audio you are using, you will have different kind of settings. So music for instance you can use auto out of dark function which just kind of means that music gets quieter when there is another track audio track overlaid on top of it like voice over which is very nice and very easy but I will not go into detail with music because I know that you don't need to add music for this assignment. So with audio auto volume on just kind of means that Raj is trying to make your volume perfect so that it's not too loud, it's not too quiet. Balance sound just you know again it's trying to kind of balance it so that there are no peeps anywhere like in between. You can try to reduce background noise if you have it. Reduce echo or enhance pitch depending on whether it's high pitch or lower pitch and reduce acro and reduce background noise allows you to control the intensity of the effect. So it can be it can sound very artificial if you apply those effects. It actually it actually did a nice job to reduce background noise for this one. Sometimes if there is too much noise and you're trying to get rid of it, it might begin to sound artificial to just kind of always play it back first and make sure that it doesn't sound too bad. Again, it doesn't sound too bad. It's a nice job. So, I'm very happy with it. But yes, if you just need to kind of improve your audio, this is where you can give it a go. Again, it's not very advanced, but it will give it, you know, it will do its job. Channels just allows you to mute either the left channel or the right channel of the audio. It will means that the audio is only coming from either the left or right channel, you know, if you're using your headphones or like earbuds. Don't mute them most likely. But if you want to, that's where you can mute them. So that's yes absolutely you can add different voice over files. So if you click on this button again it will start countdown and you can record next audio files. So obviously it started recording while I was still introducing what it does. But again you're happy with it. Click stop and here you go. There are two files. You can change the order in which they organized. You can move it to the next audio track. So just underneath unlike the video it will drop kind of down. You can have them play them at the same time. Maybe it will become a bit chaotic but it will work. Here we go. So yes absolutely you can do that. And again feel free like you can always cut bits out with scissors. You can always like you know maybe you want you're not happy with the you know with the middle of the clip. Maybe you stop there. So just cut it out. Oh sorry I was just make sure that you select your audio clip because automatically it will select the video clip. But, you know, if you need to undo any changes, , control or command, , that obviously works like in any other software. , but here we go. We can just kind of cut it. , move those clips back together. , so yeah, don't feel like you have to do everything in one take or anything like that. When it comes to videos, you can click on this little button or you can just double click on the video and it will also it will also open the same panel which is called transform. So again it gives you kind of mostly basic functions but it gives you what you need basically. So you can move its position on the screen, vertical position, horizontal position. You can rotate it. So for instance, if you have an image, like someone asked in the chat before, you want this image to maybe highlight something in the v video. You can, you know, you can scale your image, you can move your image, you can change the opacity of your image, or you can just double click on it as well here, and you can move it here like that. You don't actually have to do it in the panel. , and if you want to undo any changes to its position after, you know, when you already made something like some other changes and you don't want to just use control Z, just double click on any of those kind of bars and it will reset everything. Image pops up. Yes. So, you can have it you can have it move over time and change it time. I will just show you how to do it in a second. So, you can also crop it using those form kind of bars here in advanced transform advanced or you can do this edge f. It's kind of useless, but it will, you know, make this kind of like a faded film effect. But sorry, when you mean when you say appear side by side with the presenter, so if you have it on the layer above and you just crop it or scale it or just kind of make sure that it doesn't fill the entire screen and you know, you move it basically where you want it to be. Right now it's a video but it can be image, it can be anything. So it will appear side by side. So maybe you know don't scale it. Just keep it kind of bigger and move it to the side where you want it to be. Maybe crop it instead of scaling it and it will be plain at the same time. In terms of moving the image while kind of adding animation to the image. So, it's actually something that was added in the latest update, not the latest update, but one of the updates. Maybe it was added last year. So, you can actually add animation to images. You can't add animation to videos as far as I know in this software, but you can add animation to images. So for instance we have this image here which is very small. With images there is no limit to how long this image is shown for unlike videos because obviously the image never ends so to speak. So you can always change its duration as much as you want. Again like maybe you want to move it to another position. Just click and drag to where you want it to be. Maybe you want it to be on the next level. Kind of next layer. Again, sorry for the delays, but yes, if you click on this arrow, you can change its duration easily. You can change that maybe, you know, maybe you want it to be presented at the same time. And if you click on the speed button, you can always button just give me one second. Oh, if you click on the effects button, apologies. So, if you click on the effects button, you will have this pan and zoom. So, if you remember when we were adding clips to important clips to the software, we actually disabled pan and zoom. By default you can always enable it but otherwise you can just enable pen and zoom and basically what it will do it will add animation for you. So you will have this kind of well you will have pan and zoom you know like it says sorry like that and obviously it will go much smoother probably on your computer and you can also change where like you know what image you see in the beginning and what image you see at the So if you click go to end or go to start, you will see those two frames. And you can, you know, just use this arrow to change its size or just click and drag to where you want this frame to be. And depending on, you know, on what you choose, , it will calculate animation in between the beginning and the end and just cut it to your image. It's quite nice. Also, if you I will just kind of make a little tangent here, but if you go to view preview quality, you can always lower the quality of the preview of your video. So, it will not lower the quality of your actual video, but it will lower the quality of the preview. , if your computer is kind of struggling, is it possible to transform a frame in the video into an image? I don't think it's possible in Premier Rush in Adobe Rush. , you can always just use any kind of video software, video playing software, you know, to stop the image and take a screenshot and save the screenshot as an PNG or JPEG file and then just import it as an image. But as far as I know, there is no way to do it in Russ unfortunately. But yeah, you can add animation to your images. Again, you can't add animation to videos unfortunately at this point again as far as I know. So you can change speed of your video. So that's kind of a nice thing. So for instance, maybe you want to show the entire video. You don't want to crop it, but you want it to be a bit faster. You can change the speed. So maybe you want it to go for like twice as fast. And you can also change the speed of an individual part of the video. So you don't have to change the speed of the entire video. Just by dragging this little blue kind of header headers or just by dragging them here, you can change which part of the clip is sped up or slowed down. And if you click on ram here, it will also kind of make sure that the transition between the slow and fast parts is not as you know sudden, is not as abrupt, it's actually smooth. , regarding referencing, so most stock images do not need to be referenced, but when you download an image, , there is always a license type next to it. So, make sure to check which , license type it is. If you're using standard or extended licenses, you don't need to reference them. If you use a license which is called something like for editorial, you actually do need to reference. Also make sure that you use images from license history using your using your Swindon account because otherwise you will have to pay for them which is probably not ideal. But yes so I will just finish showing with other functions you have. So this is like I showed before crop and rotate to transform the videos. This is audio to transform to make changes to your audio files. This is speed to make changes to the speed of your video clips. This one is colors. You can calibrate your clips. You can choose one of the presets or you can go into more advanced edits in here. To change the exposure, contrast and you know all the similar settings. I will not go into detail on that because we don't have time unfortunately to cover that. But if that is something you're interested in, there are lots of tutorials online or again feel free to book a session with us. There's a this is the effects panel. So you can here you can add pen and zoom to your photos. You can also add auto frame if your clip is bigger than the kind of how do I say the frame the frame of your video. So you can enable it and then you can change how do you actually want it to be reframed. However, I would be a bit careful with this one because it also adds animation often and this animation might not be ideal. So, even though I said you can't add animation to your video, you can add it if your video is bigger than your original frame, but it will be a bit unpredictable. , so I wouldn't I wouldn't use it unless you kind of just test it and it really looks nice. Otherwise just use you know transform function to make sure that you show the part of your video that you actually want to show. And finally you have transitions here. So transitions you know just like in movie maker you can add transitions between the clips. So if you want to add a transition just click and drag between this transition between clips and it will be automatically applied. You can also add a condition on the one side of the clip if there is no clip next to it. And if you zoom in, you can change the duration of a condition just like duration of the clip just by clicking on the condition zooming a bit more and using this arrows to expand it. Or alternatively you can change the duration here. You can also always just click on any number and just manually enter it. So you have a few transitions like wipe up, wipe down, dissolve, deep to black, deep to white. I wouldn't recommend using something like you know slide right just because it's very poweroint 1990 or like 2000 would be more correct way to put it. But something like a dissolve can be a very nice transition especially if you have two clips which are maybe like kind of similar or maybe you want one image to dissolve into another. Again, you can absolutely add the same transitions to images, you can add those transitions to audio files, anything, you know, anything you can think of. Texts like we will show in a second. You can add those transitions. But yes, those are the transitions. You have not too many, but again, you probably don't need something like a book page turning I imagine. And then the final one is graphics. So if you want to add any graphics like titles or actually graphics, this is where you can go and click add graphics or again you can click on this plus button and say add graphics and it will open this panel here where you can check where you can choose what graph you're looking for. So you maybe you're looking for overlays. So it has some nice overlays like a computer screen or maybe you're looking for which you know you can drop drag and drop on top of your images and it will you know obviously appear there and then maybe you might want to scroll like your images or your videos so that it appears underneath your overlay. Probably not something you will be using for this assignment. You have transition graphics which again are just kind of fancy titles and fancy graphics that you can draw drag and drop. So they will be kind of like overlays but with animation. Again something you're probably not looking to use for this assignment but you can obviously just kind of browse what they have. I believe this is also where they have background if so if you just search for background in transition graphics. This is where you can ch choose a basic solid background. So basically, if you're just looking for your text or anything like an image to appear on top of a background, go to go to plus graphics transition graphics and search for background. And then again, you can just drag and drop it to your project. And if you double click on it or if you click on it once and just go to graphics here, you can change its color. So right now it's white. For the sake of time I will not change it color but you know actually okay I will change it color. You can just double click and change choose any color you want. Now it's going to be black. So yes very simple add in background and obviously titles is something you actually want to might want to use. So there are many presets with animation and just you know nice fancy fonts. Maybe you know you want to try something like wipe. Again you know feel free to utilize the search function. You'll have quite a few graphics to choose like text to choose from. Again drag and drop. You can change the duration of your text. It will snap toward the beginning of the clip if that's what if that's is where you want it to start. And then if you double click on your text or you click on it once and click on this little T button, you can make changes to its color. You can change any font you like. And on like in the video itself, you can actually make changes to the text. >> Yes. Again because this is important. I guess can you just brief us about if I'm going to present so I want to come and introduce my topic and then I have some images or maybe short video I can over I can add the audio I can bring all of these effects but if there are some slide or the text in between that it's going to break down my session like I introduced to the science challenge then I bring some fact or images to explain my science challenge. Then I want to talk about solution. So something that it's going to be in different sections. So if I want to add in something like a slide but with the text >> how that can be selected is that from the backgrounds that you mentioned with the >> So what we can do is either you can look for some presets of text which have a background like this one very relevant for our pride week. It already comes with a background. Alternatively, you can either add a solid background and obviously drag and drop it where you need it and add text on top of the background, you know, change the duration for however long you need, , etc. Or you can import an image. So maybe you created an image yourself or you downloaded an image which is royalty-ree , and creative comments preferably which is royaltyree means that you still have to pay for advance. , creative comments means that it's free. And then again just download it in the project like any other image and just add text on top of it. But also this text so for instance this text already comes with this kind of animation. And again there are many presets. So maybe you find something you like. But if you don't find anything you like what you can do just t type in basic and we'll just come with this basic default title or basic title on background. So I already have my background. Solo just go with basic default title. It has no animation. It has like no fancy effects. But for instance, what you can do is you can actually animate it yourself. So again, let's say we have our title, we choose the font we like and again as students you can actually add Adobe fonts for free. There are many fonts. You might have to like input them in the creative cloud software first, but you can choose the font you can choose the font style where you will have stuff like bold or light obviously you know all that you don't have you don't have underlined here for some reason but there are some underlined texts and presets you can change the color you can change the outline you can add drop shadow and change opacity of drop shadow you can make multiple changes to how you want your text to look. But once you do all that, you can also go to effects transitions. And for instance, let's say we add wipe, right? So there are some obviously wipes in the presets, but maybe you're not happy with any presets you have. So you just add the wipe up transition. You change its duration, maybe something like that, and it will add the animation. So for some reason when it starts as animation the beginning is just empty. So there is nothing here. It takes a few seconds to appear. So you might want to kind of move your text so that it actually appears when you want it to appear or you can use the scissors to t to cut the beginning off. But then no you can't do it unfortunately in rush. Sorry about that. You can do it in Premiere, but you can't do it in Rush because then it just deletes the entire effect. , but yes, then you can just kind of move it around so that the text appears when it's supposed to. But here you go. You just added the animation yourself. >> There is no limitation on the number for the number of the words that we can add to this white to this background. >> No limitation. , obviously, you know, if you have too many words, make sure that your font is small enough to actually fit it on the screen. And keep in mind that the more words you have also the longer you want to keep them on screen because if you know the text, it's faster for you to read it. If the viewer doesn't know the text, it will take longer for them to read it. So, just keep that in mind. And can you please one more time show us where you did you use the font for adding you know what was the font that you use >> to choose for adding the text. No worries. So you can either click on this button just you know and select everything click on this button and then go to add graphics add graphic or you can click on this bit plus button and say add the graphics and here it says graphics several figure and then you will be presented with this screen and you can change browse all the titles transition graphics or overlays or saved if you saved something I haven't saved anything But, you know, if you like something, you can add it to your favorites. , and then you will be able to just kind of browse everything all the presets they have. Or you can always type in what you're looking for and just hope that it comes with comes up comes up with something. And again, once you like something, , click and drag or click once and say add. And if you just click once and say add let me say basic again. So for instance I want to add basic title. So I can just position the playhead where I want the text to appear. Click once click add and it will add the text where my playhead is. And once you're done just click on the close button. And again I guess we need to know when we assemble all of these audio, video, images, text how they are going to be you know come to a let's say 4m minute video and how they are going how we are going to share those. >> so okay let me just quickly answer the question from chat first. So the text works just like any other video clip. Can just double click on it and drag it around to whenever you want. Just make sure that sometimes some screens might just crop the video a little bit. So don't, you know, don't drag it to like the very side of your video because it might get cropped. Or otherwise you don't also use the crop and rotate button again just like anything else. All clips whether it's again text video images they behave in the exact same way and even audio behaves in a very similar way apart from the fact that it's obviously audio but yeah once you're happy with your video probably not this but once you're happy with your video click on the share button and this is where you can actually save it so you can directly import it to YouTube, Facebook, Instagram or Behance. But that is probably not something you want to do. Even if you want to upload it to YouTube, I would recommend saving it first. , so save to local. Again, by default, it will be the destination chosen. , name your clip. It will save as MP4 as an MP4 file. , you can go to advanced settings. So, by default, everything will be automatically linked to the clips you imported. So it will keep all the settings from the clips. But you can also use one of the presets. So for instance, YouTube 1080p which is probably like a very popular preset which is something you will see on YouTube a lot. And it will give you the resolution for that although you can make further changes. The frame rate so frame rate in Australia is actually 25 frames per second but for YouTube it doesn't really matter. It can be 30 frames per second. Audio channels you can change stereo to mono. Probably keep it stereo. And quality. So u by default it will be either high, medium or low. If you don't choose any presets go with high if you have enough space. But if you do need a small file maybe you can try medium. I wouldn't recommend low. It will show you the estimated file size as well. It's not 100% accurate but it's kind of accurate. Most likely it will not be bigger than that. And then again once you're happy with your settings again feel free to go with automatic or one of the presets. You don't have to worry about all of that really. Again presets are good. Just click on the export button. It will take a few minutes to export depending on how complicated your project is and how many transitions and effects you have and it will export to basically yes you can also change the destination here of course and it will export to that destination. So maybe you know grab a lunch while it's exporting and then you will have your video file and also make sure that you actually view the video file before uploading it. Just may you know sometimes you can export and then you will realize there was maybe one of the audio tracks muted or one of the video tracks are healing. So you just want to make sure that nothing happens and you can always click on edit to go back to the editor. The project is itself is saved in the rush rushes file rash's folder sorry I don't know what I'm saying in the rush's folder on your hard drive but it's also saved in the creative cloud so you will not be able to find this project because unfortunately this software it really hides its projects it's kind of inaccessible but again if you make sure that it's linked to creative cloud it will be backed up and if you need to you know if something happens to your computer will not be lost. Yeah. Are there any other questions at this point? I know that we're already over time, so apologies about that. But like anything else you'd like me to go over? Thank you very much Tiana. So if you can just let us know that if a students they need to do you know practice of course there are a lot of the features that you try to touch base and thank you very much for introducing all of these option but depend on what is the present what is the presentation and how we are going to collect the data you know data images audio and all of those I think the script of talking so I think all of So we need to practice and if we need to do you know ask a question when is the drop in session for Adobe coaches? >> Yes we run them 12:30 to 2:30 Monday to Friday. If you could just maybe book a session like you know at least a day in advance for instance Monday for Tuesday or Tuesday for Wednesday that would be ideal because for instance if you book it like 10 minutes in advance sometimes we might miss an email. So, I mean, we're obviously trying not to, >> but just a fair warning, it's best to give us some time to catch up, but yes, 12:30 to 2:30, no, 12:30 to 2, but so we have four sessions per day and each session is 30 minutes long. So, you know, there is plenty of time to kind of go over anything you need to go over. >> Thank you. I guess this provide an opportunity for any students in communication for scientists unit or anywhere you are located at Swimburn in Australia in Malaysia. So if you have a assessment if you are interested in a start talking we are inviting you all to come with a start talking and share your STEM passion or STEM you know idea or solution with the social impact. Remember we need to act as a science communicator. So this is COVID 19 was a great example of what community needs the right information for the action. So I guess we are in contact with Adobe coaches. So we are going to send you an email with the evaluation of today's workshop and that is always help us to set up the next workshop hopefully next year coming back with this workshop again. And of course we are hoping if you are interested in a start talking please share your talking point with us. I am here to provide you the feedback. We had our students in past that now they're improve and they actually come to be confident to use of Adobe rush and I'm amazed with the inspiring video that they created. So remember the due date. So we are talking about the anything that you can create a 4minut video for 400 bucks and story of success and an recognizing by emerging leaders program and of course the showcase is on 14th of October at 4:30 p. M. You're all invited. It is open to the public and students who are going to choose to complete. You need to submit four minute video by 11 Monday 11th of October. And the Adobe coaches I'm make sure with the Tatiana and Judia from the Adobe coaches. So they are they are amazing. They help us a lot. I mean help us. I think they are here to help you. So and I'm sure that during week nine we might have more students Tatiana that they need your help and your support because they come across this kind of practice and they done this so they might come with more questions. So don't forget that you have this option and this opportunity to ask the Adobe coaches. They are fantastic and thank you so much Tatiana again. Thank you and again apologies for some lags that caused some delays. That was very much unexpected. So sorry about that. >> Thank you very much. I think we all experience working in the digital environment and the speed of internet is not something that we can decide. So you did very well. So we learn about all of these features and the audio the all of the effects and everything that we can use. So I'm hoping that everyone can practice before you forget. Thank you very much.