Good evening everyone and welcome to the panel discussion. So this event is an annual event which is part of start talking competition which is we are going to run it in 2024 and is started from 2019. But for students coming to this you know session thank you vision for promoting this to your lecture. I appreciate and I know that some of our Saravaka students are on board. Thank you so much for being here. This is a bit of a housekeeping but with this we go to the acknowledgement of country. So on behalf of the people who are participate in this event from Australia, Malaysia, I would like to acknowledge the warjury people and the traditional owners of the Malaysian. So who are the tra traditional custodians of this land. I would like also to pay my respect to the elders both past and present of the colonation and extend that respect to the other indigenous Australian and Malaysian presents. All right. So again start talking what this is a public speaking competition at Swimburn but this event is about professional networking with confidence. So just a brief about what you are expecting for almost the following one hour. So I'm going to introduce about the startup and competition. Our panel discussion. The main purpose of this u one hour is the panel discussion with our professional networking and some tips or opportunities or career stories and hopefully that can inspire our students to think and reflect about their potential STEM careers in different discipline. That's why we have you know journalist on board, someone representing government, someone from industry, an entrepreneur, career specialist, a senior recruitment consultants and of course myself as an academic and vision is also here. At the end of today we are going to have a screenshot photo of us with a smile and of course we are going to share the evaluation form. So our collaborators in this event is we have LTU people from Swimburn careers employability. We have insurance Australian group as an industry partner who support this competition. We have Barundus city of council and we have Sarak colleagues and of course we have our passionate students. So just to introduce start talking I would like to invite you to watch this one minute video. So, I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. >> Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, Start Talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. But now it's your turn to start talking. >> Okay. Hopefully you all get a idea about what is the start talking competition. But with that I would like to invite you to be part of this you know panel discussion as promised for this event and I'm going to stop sharing because we are going to start talking and we would like to start our guest speakers to introduce themselves. So I would like to start with you know Linda. So what I would like to ask I would like you to introduce yourself briefly a bit of your career journey what brings you to here and anything that might inspire our students with your one or two minutes introduction. Thank you. >> Okay, cool. Hi guys, I'm Linda. I am currently a senior recruiter here over at Evolve Scientific. So in terms of my career starting off I completed a bachelor of science majoring in biochemistry and biotechnology over at the University of Wurau over in New Zealand. So that's where I'm originally from. Within my first year or basically after finishing uni I worked within a laboratory which is one of the biggest analytical labs in New Zealand there called Hills Labs. I was working within the waters team doing your chemistry testing that could be like your pH, your titrations, filtrations, suspended solids, all those sort of things. I did that for about a year and then decided to move over to Melbourne for just better work opportunities essentially. Just because obviously with in Australia there's much more opportunities with different companies and work and that. So moving over here I was pretty flexible with whatever you know I had a science degree. I was kind of like open to anything. Got into food manufacturing. So I entered a QC QA, so quality control and quality assurance. Again doing your basic testing. So I worked at Healer Spice Brace over in Braide here in Melbourne. They do the manufacturer of like dry spice blends where you're you know supplying to like clients like Nandos or Subway and what Primo whatnot. , and I was doing all the testing on every batch that was produced, releasing them. , doing your sort of your QA or documentation. , yeah, documentation, good manufacturing practices, making sure everything's compliant, following standards. , I was in that role for about 3 to four years. , and then kind of got a bit bored within the lab role. Kind of got a bit too repetitive , for me and decided, you know, I wanted a career change. Saw the ad for recruitment consultant still using my science degree and my industry background so I joined Evolve Scientific I've been here about two years so I yeah and recently was promoted to a senior position Evolve Scientific we are a recruitment agency so we're based here in Melbourne but we're based all over Australia so Sydney Brisbane Adelaide and Perth we're also part of much bigger company so we've been around for about 14 years but we have been acquired by ME Spurcrop which is another recruitment agency but they're much more global so due to acquisition we're you know basically global now and we did open up an office over in Singapore a couple months ago but we do the recruitment specializing within science so that could be your food your pharmaceutical your chemical environmental industries but not just science we also deal with engineering production operations of all roles within industry and then yeah that's pretty much in a nutshell Noro consultants here will all come from a science background. So we know exactly what I guess you guys have been going through as graduates and also what our clients are exactly looking for as well. So yeah that's me. >> Thank you so much Linda. Thanks for sharing your journey and your career journey to be in your position as a senior you know recruitment consultant. So there are multiple science majors computing science and engineering here in this room. So we would love to hear about what about some tips around the career. So I guess with this I would like to invite Hugh to introduce yourself. >> Sure. Thank you all for having me. Hopefully there you go. It looks like you can hear me. I'm Hugh. I'm here I guess representing the entrepreneur side. I was actually did medicine originally and then ended up graduating with a human sciences degree which is an alternative exit pathway to medicine by sort of starting doing a PhD never finishing it. You know one of those people that classically starts things and never actually manages to finish them. Then sort of fell sideways I guess into running a risk and strategy management consulting company. So did some advisory stuff that we sort of did in house. So, so started the business myself. , and then subsequently, I guess after a while, , was in professional communications, so was dragged into one of our clients, , the health regulator, , and worked in there for a little while. , and then, , started a software company. So, , now I run a software company. , and we've got, you know, 30 35 odd employees around, , Australia in the world. , and so, yeah, that's, I guess, now my career. So I've sort of had a lot of ups and downs and now in I guess software and sort of write I guess very poor code even though I was never formally taught it is probably but equally I would say I don't really use my medicine background in terms of my science background particularly frequently. Thank you so much Hugh we really like to hear about your journey every year and I guess that entrepreneurship is something that we would like you to present once we are coming to the list of the questions and by the way if you are in the room you have any questions except the list of the question that I've met I've prepared for the panel please share in the chat And especially if you want one of our guest speaker to dis answer that question so you can name them. So hopefully one of us are going to select and then we read and we answer and yeah so I would like to intro if you would ask invite Andrew to introduce yourself and a bit of your career journey to and in the position that you are involved now. >> Hi everyone. It's great to be here. It's always fascinating listening to everyone else's journey as well. And I think the common thing that we've heard so far and we'll probably hear a bit more of is careers aren't linear. And where we are today isn't necessarily where we wanted where we thought we'd start. So my background I'm a wildlife biologist by trade. I did a PhD a long time ago now and I had my dream job as a posttock. I was working on a giraffe in Krueger National Park as a as a posttock and that was a lot of fun. And then I joined the government first as a researcher. I spent 10 years as a researcher. I ended up looking after my own research group and then I thought, wow, I'm I'm doing a lot of policy work here and my research was contributing to the evidence that made policy, but I wasn't making a difference. So, I went across to the dark side of policy in government. And so, I spent another seven or eight years doing policy work. And then I moved across into the innovation space. So I left my comfort of being a wildlife scientist and wildlife policy maker and I became more interested in innovation. So I started working on space industry development, quantum computing, trains and trams are very different from a an ecologist. And now in my current role, I'm doing partnership development and working with really interesting companies like Sony Corporation, AWS, some of the companies you may have heard of. And the common thing throughout those career changes is that my ecology background is all about systems. And we heard there's a few engineers here. So if there's any systems engineers, it's how do you make connections? How do you look at the big picture and how do you communicate? And there's some of the common things that I used have used throughout my whole career. So from where I started to where I am now. It's a common passion for science. I still publish ecological papers now. So I still do that on the side. But it's the systems thinking that I learned way back as a second or third year student at university. That passion of making connection that's what really drives me. Thanks Peter. >> Thank you so much Andrew. It's very inspiring to see that pathway and I guess that is a message to our students how you might potentially find your passion about something and then through that so you can find the connection or networking but use of that fundamental experience to then lead you through another pathway. So I guess I would like to hear from Jeffrey Okay, thanks Peter. , hello everyone. , my name is Jeffrey. I'm a careers educator and counselor and other things and content creator at times. U my present role at Swinburn is as a lecturer and tutor. I've been in Swinburn for a couple of years doing careers type things. , I was thinking that I have nothing to add in terms of my STEM knowledge since , I dropped out of maths as quickly as possible in high school. So, , that's the end of that. However, then I thought, no, hang on a second. As a careers educator and counselor, I'm a bit of a fan of careers chaos theory which taps into beautifully which what Andrew was talking about that careers often we spend a lot of time worrying that our careers don't seem to make sense or are linear or are nicely nice neatly packaged and etc. And I think it's in every most people's experience and certainly the research and thinking bears that out that careers don't happen that way. They happen in all sorts of wonderfully messy patterns a bit like our fingerprint. So they're unique and glorious. So and I can actually then apply that to my own situation when I reflect on my tertiary journey started by dropping out of three tertiary courses as a as a young person. Which is a terrible example to show to anyone. So don't do this. But it was much cheaper in those days to drop out of university. And now I'm working in careers development in between dropping out of various tertiary courses and being a careers counselor. I eventually returned to do an arts degree and eventually worked in the public service doing all sorts of things working with unemployed and disadvantaged people. Worked for 10 years working with homeless young people. Then again in kind of random kind of patenty things I fell into careers, information and education working for the government. And then another kind of random event was politely asked to leave by the government in a nice way and found myself into the into the tertiary sector. So I've worked in universities now for 15 years across various universities in Melbourne. Basically doing career counseling, one-to-one stuff, running workshops, creating content, being invol in creating and running career subjects, and here I am today. >> Thank you so much, Jeffrey. Ban, I know that you mentioned you. Is that okay for me to invite you to the panel or you want to? It's your call. >> No, it's no preparation here, but yeah, why not? Yeah, I'll introduce myself. My name is Bjan. , I'm a sessional lecturer and unit convenor at Sunburn University. , my full-time work is I'm a principal cloud architect at Oracle. , and my journey, my story is not as interesting as all the other stories, but I've always been in it. , but I can kind of relate with your stories as well cuz I'm coming from a I would say mechanical family. So my all my brothers both brothers and my dad they all were mechanics in a traditional way as well as mechanical engineers. I always wanted to become a mechanical engineer as well. But I ended up being an IT engineer and started to do IT stuff. So alongside in the IT field yeah changed my field or my concentration a few times became a programmer networker consultant and now I'm a cloud architect. So yeah nice to meet you all and yeah thanks for having me here. >> Thank you so much Vision. So I guess this was just an introduction and you can see all these different diverse you know careers is coming through the different you know degree and discipline. So the event that we are running later at the end of the year is a start talking with the focus of communication skills. So I guess my next question is how has effective I appreciate if you can please unmute yourself the Thank you so much. How has effective communication played a rec critical role in your career and what advice do you have for your students looking to adopt their communication skills to different audiences? Whether is in academic or in academia or in industry or as an entrepreneur or as a journalist or in for government. So I guess I would like to just anyone is volunteer to start on the this question. So I'm happy. Hugh are you going to be the first one? >> Sure. Always happy to start off. >> I mean look I think you know if I think about it you know I obviously as I said spend a bit of time you know in you know literally a communications role. But broadly speaking you know I think you know certainly most of my job now running a company is absolutely about communicating whether it's to customers whether it's to team members or vendors or suppliers and I think you know a big part of that is that element as you said beta of just like you know you do need to tailor that for the right audience you know the language that we use for customers many of whom you know may not have English as their first language we have team members that have English as their you know second language and things like that and the language we use in that context is very different to the language we might use you know internally you know let's say in an engineering meeting for example you know as compared to a marketing meeting so you know almost all of my life has been sort of I guess stepping in and out of that sort of stuff whether it's writing press releases or dealing with media inquiries or yeah writing things or internal strategy or external strategy and you know things that we obviously use for either marketing or support or anything like that. So all of those pieces I think are kind of key and similarly you know probably a little bit like some of the other speakers here like Andrew I think in particular you know like I've sort of had one of those careers of very sort of random ups and downs at times and a lot of that really has been about you know that element of networking and sort of being I guess in the right place at the right time in some ways but you know you could also just say lucky and I would definitely say I've been very lucky you know and saying yes when you're offered something. So I think that sort of is the second part is to you know communicate and show you that degree of openness and your capacity to communicate and be able to do that. And that's often where I find those opportunities arise. >> Thank you Hugh >> I can kind of okay far away >> so just to add to Hugh's comments I suppose I also see myself as a bit of a translator from different sectors. So universities, government and industry all speak different languages and so one of the key things is knowing your audience and appreciating your audience and just to add to that maybe listening. Listening is a very important part of communication. So if you're trying to speak an in an academic language to an industry partner or a government partner you may be like ships in the night and miss the point. So you need to listen you need to cater your messages to your audience. So Jeffrey I'll hand over to you. >> Thank you. And Jeffrey I know that as a career specialist how this communication is coming to be linked and how we are going to practice to link it to the career for the audience that they are looking for potential opportunity in future >> absolutely Peter people often when I see students or clients come in to a to see me myself in a counseling capacity they'll expect me to provide answers and often I'll be they'll be very surprised because I'll just keep asking them questions. And to me, the key it's a mirroring a bit of what Andrew was just saying about listening is an is a is a you know underrated or underemphasized at times. Communication skill. The ability to ask questions as well is I think a really important part of communication especially for graduates entering the workforce. The ability and capacity and willingness and sometimes to be a bit brave and keep asking questions. In my job as a careers counselor, that's how we actually find stuff out when I'm working with a client because and they'll just look at me and think another question. Why are you asking me all the why are you picking on me? And I'll think I'm going to keep asking you questions about what you want to do. What do you mean by that? Why do you want to do that? Why are we doing this? Keeping on asking questions. That's the way to communicate with someone to listen to their answers. And often that's actually how you kind of progress to whatever it is you're trying to progress through. So that's the first kind of thing. And the other thing again mirroring I think what both Hugh and Andrew are saying is that interpreting and translating kind of capacity of especially people who are scientists and specialists in any field actually every specialist nowadays as a graduate is going to be working probably in a multid-disciplinary team. So you're going to be if you're, you know, if you're done your PhD in astrophysics, it's unlikely you're going to be with a gang of 25 other astrophysicists. You might be, but you're more likely to be with an accountant and a marketer and a sociologist and whatever. , and you're going to actually have to explain what it is you know. And if you can explain what it is you know so that someone can understand it, that is brilliant communicating. And you again you can kind of define good communicating as clarifying and bring making the complex simple and easy to understand and in a we are in a very complex and diverse economy society global situation or whatever. So I think in a graduate employment sense graduates who could who have that capacity to listen ask questions and then kind of clarify and communicate make the complicated make the complex simple that's going to be you know excellent communication and you will be in demand if that's what you can do I make it sound very simple I know and I know it's not but that's I think some of the kind of perspectives possibly to start thinking about. Thank you so much Jeffrey. It's I love once me make complicated topics looks at least simple but coming with the instruction of how step by step we can improve and we can reflect and we can measure of our you know communication. So I think I would like to go with Linda as a you know maybe your comment about again communication skills, potential employers, STEM careers, all of these key words come to my mind once it comes to recruitment agency and you as a senior consultant I know that our students in the room I can see in the chat they're looking for potential career in future. What do they need? What is the expectation? Yeah. So in terms of recruitment part of my job would be interviewing you guys before putting you forward for any role. So I think in terms of communication with your you know what you've done in your studies and things is being able to clarify and format your answers really well so that we have a good understanding of what your what you've done in your role. A lot of graduates do come into our offices and like this is my first ever interview. They don't know how to communicate what they've done in their practical, you know, lab or like their projects. They don't know how to put that into explaining it in the right way. , and there are some things that we guide them on. So, for example, if you're talking about like, you know, we're going to ask you what have you done within your degree? What is your major projects that you've worked on? , being able to give a clear picture of what you've done. So I don't know what you've done but being able to go from you know what's the aim your design experiments what your you know the things that you've done in between what are the results and how that applies to real life. So being able to give a big picture of what you've done essentially in your degree and I find that graduates can find it difficult to communicate what they've done. They've got everything in here but it's not coming out that way. And you know a lot of times again going into industry these are things that we're going to prep you on but in terms of actually getting your first role and your yeah your first role in industry. So being able to re relay your studies especially as graduates again going into a client a company it's very daunting. You're going to be so nervous and you're going to fumble with words but just being able to practice your answers format it correctly. Even you know you're going to go through technical questions which you have to launch on. I think the main struggle that a lot of graduates have is behavioral questions and people you know examples are good things being able to explain again formatting seeing the scene of what you're doing. So for example a behavior question could be you know a conflict or a mistake you've done and being able to set the scene again. And a lot of a lot of times we do we prep them. We prep you for interviews. So that could be using the STAR method, situation, task, action, response. So that's again a good way to format your answers. I think in terms of communication and getting into industry, it's just relaying what you've done >> in a way that they can understand. And like Jeffree said, going into industry, you'll be working with multiple different teams. So, for example, going into an R&D team or a quality team, you're going to be dealing with people who have no idea what science is. And you're going to have to go into, example, in my role when I worked in quality, go into production, say, you know, we've got this issue. , we need to investigate. We need to deal with that and telling, you know, people this is what needs to be done. They're telling you, no, I don't want to change the way I've done things. This is how I've done things all these years, but you have to give that background on why, you know, this is wrong and why we need to change things. So being able to communicate that knowledge to people who don't have a science background. So it's it's all very important within industry and even just getting your first role with an interview explaining your yeah your degree and just presenting yourself well because a lot of times at the end of day you could be you know going into an interview going up against a candidate other people essentially that have the right experience but if your communication is right and you're bringing that right personality you could be the one getting a job and that's just based on who you are and your communication skills are not necessarily >> you know that you've got two years of experience or not. So >> yeah, >> thank you so much, Linda. And I guess hearing what you just share all of you, thank you so much. And I think that's why sometimes as an academic, as an educator, we're coming with the opportunity for you to practice your public speaking. So the competition that we are running linked to this you know this event professional networking is a start talking is opportunity for everyone with different discipline to come and pitch your you know your passion your research with the language that can be understandable to the broader audience. It is a very challenging because as Linda mentioned often we train as a science or computing science IT students engineering students we learn how to present it you know in academ with the academic scientific language but to not underestimate people's knowledge but also be able to translate the you know the science and make that connection that's the challenge. That's why we want our students to practice and everything is coming based on your practice. We give you the opportunity you collect come to this practice collect the evidence then go to the interview. I guess my next question which I would like to then invite vision to answer the first so is what emerging trends do you see in STEM careers and how can students best prepare themselves to navigate the evolving landscape influenced by technological advant advancements such as AI and automation. So yeah, I think this is the focus that we want to look at the career trends especially in the STEM area. Vision >> no worries. Thank you. Before we move on from the previous question we also have a question in the chat just asking about >> young people looking for entering corporate environment and just I think it is it is more around like >> career or job hunting purpose. So c could I just add a comment around that before we move on to the next topic? I saw that and I wanted to because it's coming to the flow of my question with the tips and opportunities at the end. But you're welcome. >> Oh, it sounds great. No, thank you. So I just speak of my experience cuz we have had I mean everyone made good comments here. We mentioned that Hugh mentioned that people with having English as their second language including myself that's a very important point and we who speak English as our second language we need to work even harder than native speaking people just to be able to communicate and just send the message and prove ourselves let's say so on top of that we I mean I'm just again using myself as an example coming from an engineering background IT engineering and just development deployment technical stuff we I don't know I'm not talking about everyone but just I'll just talk about myself but this is what I found out we don't want to use words we want to communicate with actions. We want to deploy something, get the results and just say look what I have done. We would like to talk about things with engineerings around us. I know Jeffrey mentioned that as well just we are surrounded by people like ourselves at university, at work with our friends as well. , so yes, we feel comfortable with those people, but when you go to a corporate company, when you go to a big company to apply for a job, you may not see people like yourself. , you would see people from HR, you would see people from , , background check, you would see people from management area. So you can't really talk to them about the script that you have deployed last week. They won't understand it. You can't talk about what you've done in terms of website development. You can't talk about your final project at university. You need to be able to communicate and speak their languages. So speaking of my own experience, what I did when I used to try to find a job in Australia, I used to write things down just to say if the HR in the panel asks me this question. This is what I think would be the right answer. I write it down. I wrote it down. I memorized it. Believe it or not, I did. I memorized it. That's the only way I could I could actually move forward. >> >> if someone from other department asked me questions, this is the this is what I feel like is a good answer and I would answer it in this way. So, I would say practice your communication skills. Even though it's not your field, if it's not about your techy stuff that you've learned, you need to prove yourself with the panel to the panel with the with the work that you're applying for that you are a good fit for that job advertisement. I think I hope I answered the question that was in the list. Yep. Sorry. >> Vijan, you did answer the questions, but I just want if you have any comment before I ask any anyone else. Something about the career trends and the impact of the technology in shaping the future jobs in your area. >> Yep. No worries. Yeah so you mentioned AI and yeah the hot topic of generative AI and int artificial intelligence and so on. Yes it is it is the trend now everyone is learning about it. Everyone is trying to use it like all the other topics in the past. So we had so many different waves coming to us and just to say oh we've got I just use my own field topics oh we've got software defined networking everyone was like oh this is this is the best we have to do it we have to learn about it we have to hire people in that area yes and it worked people started to learn about it then the next wave became virtualization became cloud computing. Everyone was like, "Oh, we need cloud engineers, we need cloud architects, we need cloud knowledge. Now the current wave is AI and everyone is learning. It's simple as before as that just to say what we did before for the previous waves. We do the same thing. The first thing is learn about it. What is AI about? What tools do we have available? What companies would use to just take advantages out of this new wave? If I know about it, if I'm training myself, I'm going with the wave. If not, I'm falling behind. >> So, it's simple as that. It's not a it's not a big deal just to say go with the wave. If you need to learn it, learn it. Having said that, when you join a company, they train you. They provide training courses to you. They're not expecting you to come in as like knowing everything. As long as you can communicate which is the topic of this session. As long as you can fit in a team and just be a good team member they hire you and they like the technical parts we can train this person later on. >> Sorry B. Thank you so much Van. I'm just considering the time and I would like the guest speakers to pick up. So from this question I'm going to just grab one or two to make sure that we are coming to cover everything. There are some questions in the chat. I see them and we are coming with the tips and opportunities at the end. But just to answer that question in the chat we have a lot of we have employability career at Swimburn University and in all of the Swimburn University we have career specialists. We have a mock interview. There are online workshops. Very inclusive. So if you have any concern about this type of training because the word practice communication, just send an email to me. I can provide you with the list of the workshops competitions you know and all the professional people we have on board. But again the topic is about career trends and the impact of technology in your organization. If our students choose to join government, Andrew, what do you see here and what is the gap? I mean what are the essential skills? How do you unpack on this for future or not? >> Yeah. Thanks Peter. I think that since we met last year the rise of chat GPT has been extraordinary. It's a disruptive technology and I think the audience here probably know how to use chat GPT better than I do. And it's more integrated into their lives. , and the one tip that I'd give the audience is that chat GPT is an amazing tool, but you also need to insert yourself, your personality, your opinions into your workplace. So I think that's the challenge of today's generation is embracing a disruptive technology but also putting yourself into the workplace and adding value, adding your own personality, adding your own experience, your own thoughts. So I'll leave it there short and sweet. >> Thank you. Hugh, do you have anything in your area entrepreneur? So how this technology how do you expect and estimate the future for someone? >> Yeah, I mean tricky certainly a very tricky thing to have without a crystal ball. I think you know it's one of those things of where you know to show my age a little bit. You know I remember in primary school being taught how to Google. And you know that was this incredible skill and you know like suddenly you had all of the you know you didn't have to go to the altter vista or the ask jeieves like you know directory and exactly some will remember those good times and I think AI is another wave of that you know like I think you know as Bjan said you know we've in the sort of software world you know we've had this whole cloud revolution and everything else but I think similarly every profession is going to somehow probably be touched by this new wave of tools and techniques and everything else in the same way that you know Google search changed the way that we found information and you know found things about other things online and the key as Andrew I think was saying is you know work out that right way to harness it and I think everyone's careers you know that there sort of been this continuous argument since computers started that you know oh yes you know it'll make all of these roles totally redundant and all sort of stuff but in reality it just changes the nature of our work you know that the nature of software engineering these days is potentially quite different you know the way that you might think optimizing things or the way that you might think about you know sort of I guess generating boiler plate or things like that change over time. And so you know really I think in many ways as a younger person at the moment you're actually in one of the best opportunities to be able to really capitalize on that because you're going to come up with it natively compared to the people for whom it's much less of a thing that they immediately reach for. >> Thank you so much. I think yeah talking about this generation grow with the technology it's much easier for you to be in the position to train and being updated with this skills to us coming from the previous generation and really didn't grow up with this technology. So I guess I raised the next question but if Jeffrey and Linda they want to add anything please come up with the consideration of interdisiplinary communication. I guess I want to know in your opinion what is the role of this inter disciplinary collaboration and how that is playing in driving innovation in the STEM fields. So considering our students are isolated in their discipline, they don't really have that type of training or practice in their units that are involved. So how they can use and how they can develop this interdisciplinary skills and collaborate effectively across different sectors. >> yeah, I'll have a crack at that. But I will just I can't help myself. If I will go back to >> the stuff about technology and AI and a couple just a couple of quick observations. The World Economic Forum is one of those kind of think tanks that loves turnurning out key employability skills globally every year. And one of the most important ones and one of the most notable trends is the rise of creativity up from the top 20 to the top 15 to the top 10 to the top three skills across the world. Creativity and innovation are just there. And so again echoing what people have said, it's the creativity is the is the key employability skill across most disciplines. And guess what? That's the one that's one of the things that AI is really no good at. It can bring together it's a it's a fantastic index of what has been AI. It can collate everything that has been. But I'm also reminded that hey once upon a time the electronic calculator was seen as the equivalent of AI. And it didn't really solve everything. The electronic calculator. It helped a lot of things, but it hasn't solved everything. So again, it's I think a lot of the times when we talk about so-called disruptive technology, we're kind of thinking it's the end of history. I don't think it is the end of history. It's just this is just another technology. And guess what? There'll be another technology on top of that to counter it. And we've all seen kind of badly written stuff and think this is either a person who needs a lot of training or it's been written by AI. And so you know it has its limitations and the other thing that again echoing what other people have said is the things that AI isn't really good at is being human and in terms of emotional intelligence we've al we've talked a lot about diversity in terms of diverse cultural diversity language diversity and I'd argue discipline based diversity now getting to your question Peter discipline diversity I think is going to be one of those key skills feels that if again if you know all about u forensic taxation good for you but you are going to be talking to other people and you need to be able to explain that now is AI any good at that probably not and there's kind of evidence for that in terms of the kind of the big wave of technology changes in the last 10 years of big data and the cloud and so forth some of the disciplines that have changed most are accounting and law and those people have realized that they're going to spend far more of their time working with clients and customers and explaining what is going on using this information that's been generated for them. So this data that's being generated is not providing a solution. It might be providing here's a you know a mass of data for you and here's the summary. It's still going to take an expert professional to explain that and as we've said before explain that to different stakeholders. They could be people on your team. They could be a client. They could be your boss. They could be someone else in another discipline. They could be someone in government. You need to be able to explain this data. So certainly you're going to use things like AI in the cloud and big data etc to find the bits of gold amongst all the dross. But you need to be creative. You need to be empathetic. You need to be human. You probably also need to have an opinion to actually effectively communicate the value of that to your client. There you go. >> Thank you, Jeffrey. Maybe I would call Linda if from your recruitment you know experience and I know that from as an academic a lot of time we propose a project a research project let's say climate change we cannot really unpack climate change as a global challenge just science students on board. So we need business mindset, we need design mindset, we need engineering mindset, we need communication on board. So how do you see these interdisciplinary skills from your end and do you know the potential employers for our STEM students and what is your advice? Yeah, I think the main difference I see would be between students who are able to relate to different teams and things would be someone that's worked even just getting a part-time job in customer service. Somewhere where you're able to apply your skills to multiple different people dealing with, you know, bad customers, great customers, people of different ethnicities, languages. It's really it's it's kind of like a it's kind of standard, but those are big differences between someone that you know has not worked any roles and you're trying to get into industry where someone who's worked a part-time job already exposed to customers. And I think that's one way that students could definitely develop their skills and you know being exposed to different people and being able to apply that within the workplace in different teams. , sometimes it's just as simple as that. Just getting a bit of work experience whether it's at Mackers or at Woolly's. Yeah, I think that's >> Thank you. That was a great advice. And again, we have volunteerly type of activities with our career team, employability team at Swimburn. You could join STEM clubs. You could join do you know this kind of a part-time jobs available or volunteer job available even at you know university don't just think that okay I'm here to study science and I'm going to graduate and say oh then oh these are the gaps in my skill where I didn't practice once I was in the campus so I'm again opening a new question but you're welcome to respond to the previous questions So my next focus is the networking strategies. I think a lot of time you see that the jobs advertise but people the trusted connections that trusted networking it works very well. So for our students you might come across we have a lot of good graduates. Okay. We only have one position. So I guess I want someone to talk about the net networking strategies and the importance for the career development and what are your advice Hugh? >> Sure. I mean I think my answer to this is in some ways very similar to how I would have answered the previous question as well in terms of interdicciplinary collaboration. Like I think you know as I said my career has often just been as a result of a bit of sort of I guess luck out of out of networks that you know you build in random places but I think a big part of that is just to be curious you know genuinely and I think people generally are usually pretty happy to talk about what they do for work you know it's it's obviously a lot of everyone's lives and time but being curious and trying to understand and I think you know when you think about that interdiciplinary collaboration like a big part of my role now is you know sort of being that translator as is being mentioned earlier, you know, between people who are software engineers and people who are marketing people and you know the way to really do that and the way to practice that skill is to just sort of ask them and just sort of say like tell me talk to me about like what your day is like. You know, we do things with our team where, for example, cuz software engineers are often very separated from customers. And so we actually a little bit like Linda's comment just then, we actually get them to spend a day, you know, on Zoom shadowing one of our customer support people and they just they sit there and they watch and they watch like what the customers are saying, you know, talking about the product that they themselves are building and you know, like all sorts of stuff and how our team is then supporting them and they'll and it's amazing. You just, you know, they'll do it for a day or two every year and it's amazing the number of times they'll go, "Oh my god, like I've totally changed the way that I approach that particular thing because now I understand so much more about both the ways I can make our internal team more efficient, but also really how the customer, you know, describes these things that I'm building and how they experience what it is that I'm building. " , and that's really just a big piece of I guess being curious and putting yourself in that role of trying to just say, "Hey, like let me I'm interested about what you do. Like tell me about it. " Like what does it mean? >> This reminds me of something we call it informational interview as an assignment in one of our you know units. So you are going to interview someone that you would like to join in their company and learn of course do a bit of a study about that position or that you know company like Peter Mack you know anti-cancer institute if I want to work there as a research assistant okay go and find someone who is working there with experience and learn from their know you know how they reach to that how they actually got this position and how they could help you to achieve that. So is there Andrew something that you would like or Jeffrey? Yeah, I might just sort of follow up with your comments, bitter, around as scientists, we're very good at research and so doing a little bit of research to find out who you want to talk to, what company you want to talk to, and where you want to be is something that you can do quite easily these days. , and , so if I was going to approach someone from the Peter Mac, first of all, I'd find out what the Petermac does. What's the organization look like? And I can do that several ways. One is , for a bigger company, I can get an annual report, see whether or not the values of the company align to what I want I'm interested in. So you might be interested in their environmental statement which might be great or it might be something you don't want to work for that company after a bit of research. The other one that is very useful is LinkedIn. LinkedIn is a great source of research networks who's doing what. , and I suppose it's a little bit like , Linda was saying with the Macka's job, post something on LinkedIn. If you take anything away from this, if you can do one post on LinkedIn about your project and you've got eight followers and three of them like it, you're away. , and you can start to demonstrate a network. So, if I'm recruiting someone, one of the first things I'll do is go and have a look at their LinkedIn profile, see what they're following, see what they're interested in, see what their track record is. , and LinkedIn's a great source for job adverts. , so most of the jobs in the professional networks that I work in, they get advertised through LinkedIn. , so you follow the recruiters, you see what they're doing, you see who they're following, and those types of things. So I think there's a lot of tools out there. You can chase your tail around quite a bit by following the wrong ones. So just choose a few, do your research, treat it as a science project and you and you should be right. >> Thank you so much. And I think just considering the time I want to let everyone knows that this is going to finish about 2 minutes, but we are going to take one picture with your smile. Please stay tuned. Jeffrey, do you have any tips and opportunities for our students who would like to continue their career in STEM? >> , oh well, we'll respond firstly to the ideas about networking. Many students I meet or talk to get nervous about networking, think it's about being confident and they study the websites about how to do a good handshake and the body language and all that. And I would kind of spin it around and reinforce what people have been saying here. Good networking is actually about listening. Put be in a situation where you're listening to lots of people. If that means turning up to events, if they're in real life or online, turn up. The more chances you get at turning up to things, gosh, sometimes chance might kind of, you know, rear its head. You'll get lucky. You won't get lucky. You'll just be there because you've turned up. So keep turning up. Keep listening to as many people as possible and be interested in what they're saying. That will just naturally turn into an exchange of information and an exchange of ideas. And the other thing is and again people and I've had kind of some I remember a PhD kind of class who really didn't like the idea of networking because they thought it was kind of pushing themselves ahead in a very in an aggressive kind of commercial sense or something. But no, but then we worked out networking is actually about helping other people. If you network, the best bit of networking, if you get a message or an email or a text from someone saying, "Hey, I saw this job ad and I thought of you. " That's the best example of networking. If you're in that situation and or if you put yourself in that situation and you do that for other people, if you see something in a media post or on LinkedIn, whatever, and you know, hey, I know someone who'd be interested in that, and you let them know, that is networking. That is primo networking 101. And guess what? You will be it will be returned to you in many ways. So you the network networking is about connecting with people and having a two-way exchange. It's not about handshakes or getting ahead in any kind of necessarily aggressive way. It's actually about helping people, listening people, and sharing your ideas. Back to you. >> Thank you so much. Can you please add Raza your question in the chat so I can read and I can ask. Meanwhile, I'm asking everyone any final tips and opport you know that they could share with our students and I appreciate if you can stay five minutes you know extra to for this meeting to finish. But if I can if I can I would add to the last part. Networking >> yeah networking is one thing and the other thing is to create the opportunities for networking. I could give some examples as internship programs, volunteer programs, joining communities or there are I remember I used to use an app called Meetup and I joined these tech meetup sessions and I could do networking. Networking doesn't mean that you need to go out find someone and shake change exchange cards and so on. You need to create the opportunity to network. So what I really recommend to students is to sign up for an internship program. You meet people, you get an opportunity to prove yourself that you've got skills, you can fit their team and work within their team. That's it. >> Thank you. >> All right. Any last comments, Linda or Hugh? No, I think some lot of great tips and I'd probably agree with everything. >> Beautiful. >> Linda, I want to invite everyone to turn on their video in 30 seconds. Linda, >> break the internet. >> Amazing tips. , I think one thing would just be yourself, smile, be respectful, shop early to any sort of interview you have. Just all those sort of little things that we haven't like, you know, that kind of common sense, but sometimes people do forget. Professional but you know show personality smile because at the end of the day they want to see who you are. So yeah, >> thank you so much. And I guess again I would like to if you please send me an email, I add my email in the chat. I can grab your question. I can address that. If I don't know, I ask all the guest speakers here. So please attend in our competition which is a 4 minute of a video for your passion, your interest with 400 bucks as a prize and also the certificate of participation. Here we go. You have an example of evidence that you participate and you do care about Zimber community and of course sharing your knowledge. So can I just ask thank you so much to our guest speakers. I know that Andrew maybe you had one more comment but meanwhile I invite everyone in the room if you can if you are willing to be in this photo for the purpose of posting in the LinkedIn just turn on your video with a smile and you can write about this event in the your LinkedIn and you can write one line what did you learn and what your reflection statement about this conversation would be one post in your LinkedIn. And meanwhile we are waiting for 30 seconds I'm going to andrew did you want to add anything? >> I just want to add that the Australian government and the Victorian government are one of the largest employers in Australia. If you join the government you'll have a tremendous range of different opportunities to utilize your STEM career and your communication skills. So don't be put off by the government. It's a great job. >> Beautiful. All right. So I'm just counting. This is the last 5 seconds which we are going to count down again. This is your post for your LinkedIn. How you spend one hour of your Monday 23rd of September communicating and extending your networking with guest speakers coming from different you know organizations. So this is going to be the countdown. 5 4 3 2 >> 1. 5 >> one and a smile. >> Yeah. >> I just want to make sure that I'm post I just add in my word. Just stay one more second. Beautiful. That's all. Thank you so much everyone. Really enjoy and I hope you find it very useful. But if you have any question, please share your question with me. I'm going to answer that question. Reza, please do not forget to send your question for me. Thank you so much.