Good morning everyone and welcome to this workshop which is the AA connection workshop. I just go with the abbreviation to make sure that we all aware at the end of this workshop what is the A aut stand for but stay tuned. We are coming with a lot of good information and I think this is just for us to stay informed and connected and be aware of our opportunities. So before I start introducing the agenda I would like to go to these acknowledgements of the country. So the plants that I selected is one of our indigenous plants that our research team use for the purpose of phatistics pharmaceutical and you know any applications of these endopites and their bioactive compounds in the sustainable agriculture. The points that I want to say that we really acknowledge the traditional owner of the lands and all the great knowledge that they establish to cover and to look after all the living system in the land is not just us human. We have in microorganisms that are not visible to us. So we come up with some do you know bringing all the ideas together to protect the lands and we want to pay respects to their elders past, present and emerging since we have people joining from Sydney, Melbourne, Malaysia. So I want to respect to all of this traditional honor. Of course we are coming with this agenda. So we are going to introduce shortly about who we are as a host. I will invite Ali to introduce Mercy and I just give you a snapshot of shaping the STEM futures program as one of you early career researcher mid-career researcher how you can come with your initiative and hope to get recognized hope to get awarded that's the pleasant experience and of course nothing can come through if you don't know what is the instruction uction and of course we have an here so she's going to provide us the key strategic and she's a national leader of organizing this event so she's going to tell us about how we can plan prepare and how we can come together and apply for this so of course that is going to be follow with some of our champions who are going to share their experience and their stories of success. So and they share their insights from the citation awards that they got through this process and of course we have ants as a national assesses of this assessor of this application and that is going to come up with okay now we are all one swimburn so how swimburn and eix is going to support us through this journey and for the success in this application. So in fact this event is just for us to stay connected and being aware of the opportunity and of course follow the instruction and start planning preparing collecting evidences. All right and we have a panel discussion at the end. You can come with your question that will be very helpful and useful. Yeah of course I would like to also invite Alli. So it was three weeks ago Alli came to my office and we just discuss about how we can support our colleague especially early career researcher and mid-career researcher and then so I had some idea and then we share and we come up with this event. But before I go ahead and talk about the shaping the future Ali I would love for you to talk about the mercy and h what is your vision and what you hope to achieve. >> thanks Peter for everything that you did to make this happen and thanks for joining us from RMIT University. So and I look more presentable there I know so this mercies was actually something that we initiated early this year. Episode is actually short for meet an early career researcher and it's a kind of initiative supported by swimman research. So we report directly to Karen who is the DBCR and the idea behind that is actually to support ECR and MCR and one of the things that we saw that is very important and usually we don't talk about it is actually teaching capability and skill set that you need to gain as ECR or MCR. So for all of us usually the way that we approach it is that you have a supervisor that tells you that oh do you want to have teaching so you go and take the tutorial sheet you go to the classroom usually the first few times you're shaking your stress but then you get used to that and you try to deliver it the way that you learn it from other peers and after a few years what will happen that it's actually something that happened to me I'm research only but I had a few teaching in the past then you realize that there is actually a framework and there that there are ways that you can understand what is your how is your performance in terms of teaching and how you can improve it and Angela actually is doing one of the I think most well-known one in Australia national nationalwide and we were thinking we had this conversation with beta that maybe instead of just being agnostic and going to the classroom and trying to deliver and doing the best that you can do it's good to know what are the expectation in the few years from you as a good teacher and maybe you can start planning about that and that is what this event is about and mercy in general we running a lot of events particular for ECR and MCR but everyone also are invited >> thank you so much Ali thanks I guess following what just Ali said I'm also started of course I think now I'm in the maybe mid-career researcher but as a early career researcher a lot of conversation around I'm sure that you're coming from different discipline you hear that how We and institutes they actually acknowledge the research but how about the re teaching the question is are we all going to receive the I think that heavy workload of teaching then how are we going to present ourself of course we do care about the quality of our teaching so the shaping the same futures but I'm not going to present it today that's another just I'm going to introduce it as I started in fact with the small grant that I got in 2019 an actually provided me with that grant it was just one assignment in one unit and I reflected use of the framework what is the expectation for the science graduate what do we expect them to achieve beyond the graduation do we train them as we all experience in isolated schools departments. Students also experience the same thing. They also need to have this interdisciplinary skills, communications, all of these. The question is are we at like in the institute are we providing them the opportunity or they are just going to the fantastic course with the fantastic units and assignments and activities. So yeah there need we need I think the gap was how we can make a bridge between different disciplines and let the students to shine and giving them having the agency to act as a science citizen that is what the framework is expecting from the at least science graduate I'm sure that it's from any discipline so shaping the same futures with that brand that I've got and that is the 2009 19 as a proof October 2019. So we have Rory was a winner. So he is and still I see him in the campus a physic students coming with a 4minute video of his idea to tackle a real challenge. So any entry to shaping as shaping STEM futures is the multidisiplinary platform for students to come with the entry of four minute video. Everything is in a video. If it's a poster, if it's your prototype, mobile application, you work with the industry in the internship, in the capstone project, in the unit, your assignments, you can find it a group or individually you submit your farm minute video, talk about the challenge, your idea and then what is the impact. So we have two annual competitions since 2019. Event you can see during the covid we didn't stop we are running nine work integrated learning panel discussion and workshop training for a students if we do we ask them to do something we need to make sure that they are trained and of course what is I always ask my students ask yourself why I'm doing what I'm doing so they need to receive the tips advice from very diverse stakeholders from journalist from government body, industry, entrepreneur. If you are for example a science students, you want to be a science journalist. What is the pathway? So of course we do care about how we let our students to enjoy their degree and how they come and shine and how we provide them opportunity in the live showcases to present their idea and be acknowledged. Anyway, I guess I have to move and in the process the website and the YouTube channel for shaping the STEM futures is in process and it's just me as one like a group of u educators coming together to make this and that is what we are collecting evidences to go with the national teaching award. That is one example that you can we can discuss and we can you can come with a better idea I'm sure. And of course with what Alli mentioned so there is a QR code for every one of you please join we have a series of interdisiplinary events for you to stay informed about your opportunity and we can make a group and we can work together to make it productive. I know that how many times we apply for a research grant and is rejected. Maybe there are other pathway that we can still show that we have a great idea and that is in the scholarly teaching and that's why I would like to invite and to come and discuss about how we are going to have a successful application and what is the procedure. Thank you so much an for accepting this invitation in a short matter of time. Thank you. I'll just put this already testing. Can people hear me? I don't think it's picking up, but so long as people can hear me. Thank you so much, Peter. Thank you. >> , so as beta said, my name's Angela Carbone. , I am a professor, but also the associate deputy vice chancellor learning quality for the STEM college at RMIT. But before I was at RMIT, I used to work here. , I was the dean of learning innovation and I was here for three years and they were a really enjoyable three years through the people I met. The energy that was in this space and I can see it still here which is great. , just a show of hands. Oh, before I start, let me just get this right. Is that the right way? That one. Yes. Just before I start I would also like to do oh before I mention that these slides will be shared information some of the information I present here is on the university's Australian website I'll say and mention that when you go to that website you will not be able to find anything about the Australian awards for university teaching. It's hidden. So I've put the whole link there to help you find it. It is quite tricky and if you do a search you won't be able to find it. So we're trying to sort that out. I would also like to acknowledge the traditional owners of the land and where we meet today and where I give this presentation and I respect their elders past, present and emerging and also to all Aboriginal islanders of Australia and know that the land is we're on unseated land. All right. So got a bit of an outline. And my outline will talk a little bit about the purpose of autout some go through the guidelines and then planning for an application. But before I go into that, how many people here have heard of the Australian Awards for University of Teaching? Okay, so there's some that haven't. So they started in 1997, so that's almost 30 years ago. In 1997 I was working at ME University as a sessional staff teaching. I was on I was on a contract. I was on a contract for one year, three years, four year and 10 years worth of contract before I was going permanent. And we had institutional awards just like you would have teaching awards at Swimburns. And I had been nominated the way that you got an institutional award. You were nominated by your students. And the first year I was nominated, I thought and you had to in order to apply for an award, you had to write a 15page dossier of your teaching. The first year I was nominated, I thought 15 pages of my teaching. What are they talking about? 15. I had no idea what would I say about my teaching. Yeah, I had students full classes queuing up for my classes. Student I was in computing I had students from engineering coming to see me to get help from me anyway so the first year I completely dismissed it and thought I wouldn't know what to say wouldn't even know to write a page about teaching the second year I was nominated again and colleagues also nominated said oh you should really apply for this and I thought oh I better start giving this some thought so I actually went out to our central team and we're lucky we've got So now >> to say, "Hey, I've been nominated for this teacher award, but I have no idea how to put a dossier together. " And I sat down with one of the lead academic developers or academic capability develop developers, Mel Gily, that was his name. And he sat down with me and described you know what type of awards there were the components the evidence I needed to collect so he gave me a good understanding of what was so I actually had drafted then a 15 u page dossia and I worked very closely with the students that nominated they're nominating for me for this award so I needed to know what why would you put me forward but then I also started thinking about you know because of the questions through the academic what's your teaching philosophy like what's your approach why do you do the things that you do what are you trying to solve what is the thing you're trying to solve why do you do the things that you do are other people doing those things is there literature already there frameworks that you're building on or you developing something new and what evidence have you got to tell you that it's working what is the impact on the student and does anybody else know about it. So all of these questions started to make me think about my teaching. The third year I applied, I actually had produced a 15page dosier and I got the institutional award and at the time the institution then the that was in 1996. The teaching awards came out in 1997. By the time I put my dossier together for a national teaching award cuz guidelines very different at that time they put the three academics that got institutional awards forward and I was fortunate enough to get a national teaching award. Kat was the first female academic to get the national teaching award in 1998. And then from there things started to kick off in my career. But up until that time I was a level a sessional contract teaching in the classroom. But it really opened my eyes to thinking about what not just what I was doing but why I was doing. How is it backed by research or theoretical frameworks that have been applied and what evidence do I need to collect to show that I have an impact? And really, if you want to be good in your teaching, you have to start researching your teaching. Yeah, some people call that scholarship is one way. You're building new knowledge or you're applying existing knowledge. So, that gives you a little bit of background. So, I know about the awards because I was the first female to get the award. Never thought 25 years later I would be running the awards. The awards used to be run by the government of Australia. And with an award with an award in your discipline you got $25,000 and if you got the prime minister's award you got an additional $50,000. These days we're lucky to have the awards still running because people like me we still need them. I think it's really important. Unfortunately, there's no monetary recognition anymore. And that monetary recognition is yes, it says you've done a great job, but it really helped me there purchased equipment that I wanted to buy for my students to try new things to help you get a research assistant. So, it allowed me to do a few things. So, it was value that I used back into my classroom. It wasn't about me being able to play my home line off. That wasn't the case. Would have been nice, but no, it went back in. Really hoping that we can introduce some monetary values to the awards as well. All right, so that's a little bit about me and how I landed a full-time job and then from there had a pathway to continue academic and I knew I wanted to be an academic and I really loved teaching. I really wasn't keen on the research, but once I found my place in the research that helped inform my teaching, I found a happy marriage. Yeah, most people come from a research position, researching their discipline and move into teaching and try to make marry the two by taking the new knowledge they develop in their research and bring it into their classroom. Other people might start from the point of being great teachers but then to progress they have to back what they're doing with the research. So that's why they investigate their own practice or investigate educational innovations that they might introduce. So there's two ways you can go about this. I went the latter way. When I was applying for my teaching award, I also then enrolled in a PhD and really it's very difficult to succeed in an academic career without a PhD. So if you are thinking a teacher and you may have education focused roles, a lot of universities do, we have them at RMIT. In order to progress, especially if you want to progress to associate professor and professor, you really need to have that research back because we look at not just how great you are in the classroom, but your influence more broadly, your leadership of your scholarship. Yes. So those four components are really, really important. So the purpose of the awards, I'm going to start from here. The purpose of the award, a lot of people think, oh, it's a it's a recognition for themselves. Yes, it is. But really, you're being rewarded because you're doing something that's going to have an impact on the students. You are changing the lives of really young people for the better. And at this point in time when every night on the news you hear about youths with machines out on the streets and terrorizing you know innocent people the better we educate and can include more people in our education system the better it is. So it's really all about improving the student experience and their learning outcomes. And I think education has a really vital importance not just in primary school and in high school. But the more we open our arms and say hey you may not get the ATAR of 99. 9 we have stood a way to encourage you in our system and help you succeed and thrive. Because there's a lot of things that come with studying at the university. One, they get to experience the way that you behave, the way that you speak, the way that you present, the way that you have an inclusive environment, the way that you are focused and can and can really delve into information. So, it's it you're you're modeling the behavior you want future people to have. That's really important. Don't underestimate that at all. So, improving the student experience. The other thing is to recognize and celebrate some of the great work that you are doing. , teaching can sometimes be very closed. It's not visible. Research you have the opportunity to become visible through going to conferences and presenting to writing a paper to applying for a grant. Teaching can become invisible unless you make it visible unless you tell people about it. One way you tell people about it is by applying for things like grants and applying for awards because when you apply for them, you usually get feedback and you talk to people and people, oh, are you telling me that? Oh, either way, you can make that better or you submit it for a review and you have panels reviewing your work. You will then get invited to seminars, you get invited to conferences, you can then start applying for grants. So the idea is to make yes you get recognized but it's to make your teaching visible and have an impact influence others as well. I sort of touched on this as you're writing applications and you're thinking about your journey you usually get some support. You usually speak to people in an academic capability area which you know an is leading can provide you with the support that you might need. But you might also go outside of your institution. We have a mentors thing which I'll touch on that you can tap into. We have a number of when we assess the applications we've got a really thorough assessment process and I'll tap into that as well. So we have what is it Angela? We have about 200 people put up their hand wanting to be assessors across the country. Right. So these are people outside of your institution that start to now understand the work that you're doing that will then go oh I remember reading that we should invite that person over and then there's opportunities to network and collaborate and alli have organized this session just a small collaboration with your own institution but then we have state-based events where you can meet others there's a number of really prominent conferences I think u I introduce you to the stars conference There's the Herdza conference, higher education research development society for Australasia. There's the ISO conference and international conference. A lot of these are on the website which I'll I'll mention in a moment. So opportunities to connect. So you're moving from the little micro chasm inside your classroom to outside of the institution into Australia and then international. It's just like what you would for research. It's all about influence broad building knowledge but also in influence more broadly. All right. So what do we do to try and encourage this network in sharing and practice? We have teamed up with the University of South Australia and they run a breakfast series. So we invite national teaching award winners to present on the work that they've been doing. So what you can see from April through to November, we've got a number of people talking about some of their practices that they've done. The YouTube channel is there that you can connect with. And that runs pretty much monthly. We have we've connected with the International Federation of National Teaching Fellows. That's a UK organization linked with the UK advanced education group, but that's a group of fellows from the UK that have won teaching awards. So we invite our teaching awards to become part of that group and then they've got someone internationally that they can connect with because a lot of people struggle when they're going for a promotion base just on their teaching. Where's your international who you know? Who's adopting? Here's a way to tap into a miss international network. We also every month release a newsletter and we profile some of the work of our past recipients in that newsletter. That newsletter goes to the ICO who is Brian here in the front hands. So hopefully that gets distributed more broadly within your institution. We also run a number of briefing sessions. I have with me here Angeline Sims. She is the manager of the national teaching awards. So all this work here has been diligently done by Angeline and she organizes a lot of these events for connections, networking and collaboration. And then finally we have a booklet. The booklet we produced when the government was giving out some grants. I got a very small grant. Underneath 10,000 but started to produce a profile of all the past what was formerly called the prime minister's award for teaching excellence now the Australian the Australian award for university teacher of the year. So we profile the you know one academic every year that's got the highest teaching award and we've got a record and history of that to see where they're at, what they're doing and every two years we can update this booklet and we can share that around as well. I can share some of these things. They're all available on our website. You would see here there's a couple of websites but you'll see here a AUTN when I got the small graph of the booklet I created an Australian award university teachers network. The reason for that if you look at the history of the Australian teaching awards it was run by the Australian government and a department that department then got closed a new department was opened then it was run by that new department then that department got closed and then it was run by some somebody else and every time we would lose the history and we lose the information it was starting again from scratch to the point that back in 19 2017 Australian government said they're no longer going to sponsor the awards. So, Universities Australia, which is the 42 universities in Australia, the VCs have come together, formed to University of Australia. So, they have one milit awards and continue the awards running through University of Australia. You would have seen over the last two years shaping Australia awards been introduced by University of Australia Mala. , so there's a bit of not competition, it's a different type of award, but there's always a risk that the awards might stop running. So in order to keep all the information and resources we created back then, lucky that we did, we created the Australian Awards for University Teaching. So we store a lot of our resources there. So a little bit about the awards. We have five award types. I'll start off with citations. So, citations, there's eight disciplines you can apply for under citations. There's three nomination categories and we also have the Neville Bonner award. Neville Bonner was the first Nations person to be involved in parliament and so there was an award named after him. We have an early career award and we have award for sessional staff. So, if any does anyone sessional staff here? Okay. So, yep. So, so if you're a session or stuff and that's how I started. So, we give up to 100 awards. Each institution can put six submissions. So, you have your own internal assessment process. I'm going to jump from citation awards to teaching awards because usually the progression is if you get a citation award, you address sort of one criteria and then with the teaching award, you address all four. And I'll I'll mention what they are in a moment. Seven disciplines for the teaching awards, two nomination categories. We offer awards Neville Bonner and early career. We give institutions can put up to three applications forward. And then from the teaching awards, the committee chooses a university teacher of the year and one person gets that. We have a career achievement awards. Is the one that's someone that's been in education for a very long time that's really had an influence. So John Biggs, most people should know John Biggs for his work on constructive alignment. It's used in every institution. So that's a type of person that would give a Korean teaching award. Sally Kit she has done a lot of work on transition pedigogy really big names that you would know. David Ba work on assessment. Some names of people that have done really good things in higher education. But I think and the last one we had Tracy >> Tracy Ber from Universities of Queensland indigenous >> we had an indigenous lady win the award last year just to program awards. So program awards are slightly different. So that's something that might be a program that affects across multiple disciplines or across the university. So you might have a will program you might have a program around just trying some of the program something around supporting the student experience that you're doing for all students across your whole the whole school or the whole college or the whole institution. So they're the types of awards. I've already mentioned a little bit about the Neville Bonner award. As I said, Neville Bonner was the first indigenous person to be in the Australian Parliament. This award is only to applicants who are First Nation people and they have to engage with scholarly literature on the learning and teaching including indigenous scholarly literature. So you have to embed it into spoiler literature. These are our award three main award categories. So we have citations. So you choose one of the disciplines. So you might be related to in your teaching natural and physical sciences, agriculture, environmental related sciences. You might be in the category of engineering, IT, architecture and building. You might come from health, education, business, society and culture, creative arts, or you might be teaching in a multid-disciplinary area. So you choose which category. So most people from this school will probably be in the natural science or the engineering it because you don't have health in this in RMIT. Health is in is grouped in STEM. So you choose one of those and then you select are you going for an early career that means you've got less than five years of teaching experience are you going for an indigenous award or are you a session staff member so that's the categories similar sort of thing for teaching excellence under the programs awards for programs you choose one category from improving the student experience or you're supporting diversity and inclusive practices That's pretty much on the agenda of most universities. , collaboration with educational partnerships. So, how are you embedding will industry partnered learning? What are you doing? Are you co-designing with industry curriculum transformation and innovative pedagogy? , and work integrated learning. These are the categories. And your submission could be the scope of your program could be across the whole institution. It could be discipline specific or it could be somewhere in between. Okay. So, the award requirements. So, with citations, you choose a specific contribution. So, you chose your discipline area that you want to be in. And then you either talk about your teaching approach. So, a little bit more about that in a moment. Curriculum development, effective assessment, innovation or leadership. I think they're on the next slide. Yeah. So, these are the So, you've chosen your discipline. Say you're in science and you might want to choose to talk about one of these things. It might be that you've developed some curriculara or a really good resource or a service that you're provided. It might be that you've changed assessment practices. Now with the age of AI, there's a lot of work being done in changing assessment practices. I remember one of the interviews that I did with ants and he was talking about he was teaching maths at the time and what he did was he gave students different data sets so they couldn't copy of each other and I remember that vaguely but I think that was sort of right and so that was a way to minimize breaches of academic integrity But I think he also got the students to source the data and he used real data. He was getting data from airlines. I think this is right going back over. So you know so you know that was something that I don't know if you've applied for a teaching award national one but you know you had done some pretty good work that always impressed me. Beta has done a fantastic program. Let's start talking beta that's starting to get really good recognition. You might want to apply under a program award. So there's opportunities there. You just need to have the lens to look at that. I'm sure all of you, everyone in this room is doing something really good. Otherwise, you probably wouldn't be here. You could talk about something in an interview that you've done or your leadership. Leadership is about not you don't have to be in a position. You don't have to have a title, but it's how are you influencing others? Who's coming along with the on the journey with you? How are you helping them change their practice? , or you could talk about your teaching approach, what you're doing in your classroom, how's it supporting learning, how's it motivating and inspiring the students. Whatever you talk about, you need to have evidence to back it. So, they're the subcategories. So, that's where those teaching approaches. , so you choose one discipline category and then one area that you're contributing in one subcategory. I only have to write four pages. When I wrote my first application, it was 15 pages, right? So, four pages. I think most people can manage four pages, but it's actually even harder. Someone said to me, "Oh, if I've got an hour to present, , just tell me the day before. " >> But if I've got to say something in 5 minutes, you need to give me a week's notice because you've got to be really concise. I can ramble. I've got plenty of time at the moment. Well, I might not. But if it was only if I only had a snippet, I have to be really careful what I say. So it's actually harder writing a full page. I know it looks people think it's only four pages. It's actually got to put a lot of thought into that. Awards for teaching excellence. You again you choose one category and this time you have to address all four all four of these subcategories that I just mentioned. You have to talk about your approaches to teaching. You have to talk about how you've developed curricula. You got to talk about changes in assessment practices and how that enhance student learning and you got to talk about your innovation and leadership and scholarship in there too usually. Yeah. So that all sort of gets tied in. And then the awards for programs that enhance learning and I that was a good one that the start talking that's not just in a classroom. It's broader than just one course. , and you know, is it transforming curriculum? Is it about improving the student experience, improving their communication skills? , and there's a 10page claim and you've got to add, you know, referee, supporting materials, you might have some photos, e half of the photos up on the slide. So, , I've already mentioned the subcategories. , and then the once you've written your application, this is the this is what we look at. We look at has the work positively impacted student learning, student engagement. So what sort of data or evidence do you need to show that? And has the program because we look for sustained levels of performance. It's not just a once- off thing. It's you've tried something, you've got the feedback, you've improved it, made changes, you run it again, you've got feedback, you've run it again. So something that's been running for no less than 3 years. Yep. >> How about because they all just kind of research. >> So, so, so what you do early career research is you start now and you start collecting the data so that then you can show your three years. So, early career researchers, if they're teaching, yeah, because this is the teaching award, it's expected that you're teaching. You start thinking about okay what am I trying to do in my classroom what data do I need to get >> mean how long is the definition of how long is like because universities have values that you can consider as four years I think it's five years early career teaching it's five years five years sorry your question sorry >> just a small one what is a unit that's offered every semester so you're talking about three years I assume that's like three offerings, but we can have three offerings within pretty much one and a half year. It's over every semester. >> Yeah, it says no less than three years. So, the idea is that you'll want continuous high performance across three years. So, >> it's offering six years. Yeah. But you've probably already taught this year. You probably got some data as your baseline data if you've tried something. Yeah. >> No, I have for >> And this is for a national award. And usually there's a pathway. The pathway is you start off at the local level. Does your school value what they're doing? Does your institution value what you're doing? Then does the country value what you're doing? Yeah. So this is national law, right? So there's a question out there. >> Oh, there was sorry you might later, but you mentioned a question. You mentioned student data. >> Can you elaborate on what that can include? Yeah, I will. I've got a couple of slides and I can include that later. Yeah. >> the panel discussion at the end if you can please record your question back. >> Yeah. But I will touch on the student data. Gained recognition from colleagues or from the institution. And one way you're going to recognition is by applying for an institutional award and or the broader community or you can get academics adopt your practice. It might be industry providing some feedback or co-designing something with you. Show creativity, imagination or innovation. So has this been done before? It may have been done before but you put it in a completely different context. So in that sense it might be new. Draw on the scholarly literature. You really need to tap into what frameworks, what theoretical underpinnings are providing the foundation for the work that you're about to do or have done. And you might which is what I did. I started to engage in the scholarly literature, find out what others were doing and then I started to produce scholarly just like it would in research. It's very it's not that much different. If you want to make advances in research, you have to investigate. You have to have the evidence. If you want to make advances in teaching, it's the same sort of process. There's matrices that we go through. I'm not going to go through them in any detail, but pretty much all the different assessment criteria are weighted equally and the panel either gives you a not recommend. If it's really good, a highly recommended if it needs further work, they'll highlight that it needs further work or if it's recommended, they'll and every application that applies for a national teaching award will get feedback from the panel with really constructive feedback to help you improve for the next time you apply. Similar sort of details for the Neville Bomber except that you have to when you get recognition from colleagues. It has to be from the you have to include indigenous communities or elders and when you draw on the scholarly literature it has to include indigenous teachings and learnings. Okay. So the assessment process which I just briefly touched on we have a briefing session with all of our assessors. As I mentioned, we have about 200 assessments across the country, mainly at a professorial DBC level, but we have included others. , we've run some briefing sessions with them in September, October. , then they go away, they individually assess three to five applications each and then they come together and they do a collaborative assess assessment. So they check their ratings, have a discussion and then discuss if they need to make any changes and then they provide their recommendations to the awards committee. The awards committees are run by the DBC and then the award committees have the final say before they go off and get approved by the universities Australia board. So it's a bit of a long process. , this is the process that this was a process for 2025. We usually like to start earlier than June, but it depends on we're on a yearly contract with Universities Australia. So negotiating that contract every year why we're running these awards and justification has taken always much longer than we would have hoped. But usually after the contract signed, the process is we prepare the packs. We offer PD sessions for anyone that's interested in applying for an award. The universities then have a period where they nominate their applicants that they put forward because as I said institutions for some categories can only put six applicants forward or three. It's a teaching a national teaching award citation six. Then the assessors come into play. They do the assessment and then we have the awards announcement which is at in Canberra at the Australian summit conference in late February and that's usually you know the minister for minister for education Jason Claire is there and presents the awards along with the chair of the universities Australia who's this year's chair I think she just changed from Carol forgotten her name the VC. Yeah, I'm not at Griffith. She's not at Griffith. One of the VCs. We've had a few changes. , all right. So, the pathway to the Australian award application. So, you might start off with a family or a school award. I'm not sure if your school offers awards. They do. Yeah, start off there. Then apply for an institutional award. Most institutions now have aligned in criteria with the national teaching award criteria. They might have some extra bits, but generally they're quite aligned. Then from there you would go from an AAT. Sometimes you apply for them simultaneously. That's happened in the past. And then based on usually you go for a citation. So you really hone in on one area and then you might go for the national teaching awarding on the honing in on hello the full teaching award. So we have a suite of resources that you can tap into. So the first one is the Australian awards for university teaching new ways university Australia's website. There's a really long link there, but if you just go to universities australia. Edu. Au and hunt around, you might be able to find it. So, it's a little bit tricky because it's under policies and submissions. So, go on to the policy link, teaching, learning, funding, and then Australia Awards for University Teaching. So, most people don't really think about clicking on policy when they're going for the awards. So, I'll put the full link there, but we also have our AUN website that we manage. It's hosted outside of our institution. So what you'll find, you'll find some nomination packs. They'll give you the full details of all the award types, suggestions for sources of evidence, which I'll talk a little bit more about, nomination writing tips from assessors, so advice from assessors, tips for writing the Neville Bonner award, examples of effective evidence, assessment matrix, which you've seen, and a video archive of previous award winners. So what did they say? What did they put in their application? , I mentioned earlier that we offer professional development sessions and Angeline's been instrumental in organizing these over the past couple of years. We always have an ICO briefing session. , so we bring together the representatives in each institution to help them understand the awards and the process. We've run sessions about presenting compelling evidence of impact. It's not just the evidence, but what impact has it had. How to craft a strong narrative. I remember when I was a junior academic, everyone kept telling me, "Yeah, but what's your narrative? What's your narrative? " It's hard to have a narrative. It's love to teach, you know. So creating that narrative, you know, why are you doing what you're doing? What drives you? What is it? How has you been formed? How has your practice has been formed by literature? What's the what's the impact on the students? How do you how have you gathered evidence? And not just the impact on the students, but it could be impact to border society as well. And then we've got sessions on each of the types of awards and these are all recorded. We've got our video recordings of those sessions and they are on they are on a TV on both webs on both websites. >> We should have put a we also offer a mentoring scheme. So we once we know who the award winners are, we contact them and say would you like to give back to the community? And we have 59 mentors from 24 institutions. So sometimes you want to talk to people in your own institution, but sometimes it's good to get a perspective from some someone outside of your institution. , so you might want to look for someone in your area. So if you're in science, have a look to see if there's any mentors in science. If you're in it, who's who's won an award in it? Reach out to them and we can help make that connection for you. , so again, it's on this website, autoutn. Org. And a little bit about the mentors there. Key factors for a successful teaching award application. So, I've sort of mentioned this already, but I will say it again. You've got to have a great narrative, a story to tell, a story that explains a little bit about who you are. I think when the reviewers read your application, they want to know who you are and why you do the things that you do. I repeat myself. And has that been informed by scholarly literature? How are you going to check that you've achieved the things that you set out to do? You can only do that by gathering evidence. And then what impact has that has that had? Then you probably should write about it because you've got everything you need to produce a paper. I know it sounds easy. I know it takes a lot of time, believe me. You've addressed all the subcategories. So for the teaching application, you know, was it about your which category are you focused on? Are you focused on developing the curricula? Are you focused on your innovation or your leadership? Are you focused on the assessment or you focused on your teaching approach? So make sure you choose your category or is it all four if you're going for a teaching award. And then the other one demonstrates sustained commitment. So it's not about just doing one thing for one semester to see if there's change. It's about sustained commitment. So that's why there's that three years. And we have a number of PI patterned us. She used to work at Melbourne Uni and Sydney Uni to run some of these sessions. Qualities of a competitive application. It's actually been planned for some time. These are really hard to write. Sometimes you can, you know, you've got your data there, you've been thinking about it, and you can you can write it write it easily. I found it took me a lot of time. I had to put a lot of thought in my application. I know most people that apply for a teaching, it's they're usually unsuccessful the first time. And I say, "That's great. I've got so much. " It's fantastic. Now you got some feedback and you can act on it. I always treat as a pathway to success. You know, just think of it that way. Could you get feedback and through conversations and discussions that will help you tighten up your application? Several iterations. So, sometimes it's not about just putting everything in. It's about really selecting what's purposeful and meaningful. Sometimes less is more. You know, think about your page. You want to have a bit of white space. You want to sort of really get the assessor's attention. You're writing to the assessor. So, every bit is really, really important. , when you're developing your application, you might have other goals in mind. You might then think about, how could I convert this to a paper? Can I apply for a grant for this? So, think about other things that you can do with the application. You've got feedback. You got feedback locally, you got feedback from mentors, you got feedback perhaps from someone that was successful. You got feedback perhaps from you know your dean education that someone that can champion the work that you're doing. It clearly conveys the aspirations and philosophy the rationale of what you've been doing. Conveys clearly the learning experience the experience it's had on the students and presents some compelling evidence. So I might have here if I come back to that one. Okay. So examples of good use of evidence. So here's one and I this will be shared but here's one where they've got a graph in there. And so they might be using some qualitative data and it might be some you know data that you get from your student satisfaction survey in this case. It's got a narrative that you've spoken in the you know why you've done what you've done. You've explained the graph. You might be embedding it with some scholarly literature providing the theoretical work that you've been using. You've explained the data. You've triangulated the data in this case they've triangulated the data with the qualitative data but also with students experience but also with peers as well and they extend what they've done and link it to research. So have a look through that or read through that. And that's one good use of data and similar in this case descriptive data. So you know that's really powerful. Sometimes that'll be the qualitative data the context and narrative. You might be speaking to students that have already graduated. So it may not just be the students in your class now, but those that have graduated that had your experience as a teacher and what you taught them. They can come back. They might now be a CEO of a company. They might be working in a company doing some really great things. You may have received recognition and awards prior to going for a national walk. Mention that because that tells the assessors, oh, this has already been recognized globally in your own institution. That's a great thing. , and student feedback. So, that's sort of some good use of evidence and data. Before we go there, , common issues I'm just going to I haven't even checked the time. Am I out of time? >> You are right. >> Right on time. Yes. Are common issues that reduce application effectiveness. Failure to communicate coherence and quality of approach and impact. That's why you need someone to sit there and read your application and really interrogate it and say so what where's the evidence? What where's where's the research that backs this? Restricted evidence of student experience impact. So yes, you need to have the student experience data. Yeah. And lastly, other surveys that you might do with students, you might be interviewing them. , restricted evidence of broader influence. So really, it's not just about what's in your classroom. It's sharing your practice as seen in there adopted more broadly drawing on the scholarly literature. And then again, it can't just be on one soft thing. It's got to be something that's sustained. I know an used to run the math lab. That's something that's been going on for a very long time. And probably each year he refineses it or he does something different. And he would have data. He would have data on perhaps students grades, perhaps students attendance. He would have data from tutors that support the students. He would know some of the common misconceptions and that may influence the practice that the teachers do because he's fed that back. So there's ways that you can shape your applications. It depends on your context. Look, that's really it for me. I'm really happy to take questions, but hopefully that gives you a bit of a background around the National Teaching Awards and I hope to see you if you haven't applied for next year maybe this year. Yes. Questions. First one for the citation category. Is it the three years evidence? >> Yeah, citations are still three years. Yeah. Yeah. And does the citation means citation in terms of paper citation? >> No, no, no, no. It's just called the name of the category if I just quickly go back. >> It's Yeah, it's just the title of its own. Yeah, I know. I used to think the same because citations in the research world, we think about, you know, people citing our papers. No, it's called citations for outstanding. You could write award for us for outstanding contributions to learning but they call it a citation not to confuse it with the teaching award. So >> and about the student evidence from students and do people usually upload their student feedback like with the school and everything or just post enough >> they don't upload everything. Because you this is the if you upload everything the panel will say well they don't have a narrative. What you have to choose the evidence that supports the story that you want to tell. Yeah. So you might pull out a couple of quotes from students. Yeah. That really supports something that you want you want to show. So there is no appendix or something to add to that. Angeline I can't remember >> we can come up with the u further questions in the panel discussion we have a Q&A at the end I just want to say thank you so much I know that how busy Angela you are along the 365 days per year this point even further but you accepted to be here and it was all about being aware of your opportunities. Don't get disappointed your research grants rejected. You have other options. Just come together and of course Dix we have Swimburn are coming and we they are going to help us. So just to say thank you to you an and I have two comments. So if you're looking for any of those websites or catalog or online catalog we have our fantastic internship students. I'm just coming from 30 meetings with the industry partners. They were very highly satisfied from the internship performance. So you can act as a client the like a UT can act as a client and we can offer that internship experience to our students. Okay. >> So that's the first thing and the other thing we are organizing the wheel Australia 2026 in Adelaide. So if you are starting planning something or you already have a plan maybe along the way before you get to the national level you want to present in October 2026. If you have any question please come and ask me and of course I just want you to celebrate what you have achieved and I think this is just a bit of taste from Adelaide. Thank you so much very inspiring. Thank you so much. Thank you, An. And now I would like to invite our next group of guest speakers which is again a group of very inspiring educators we have here. So and of course a support I'm going back here we are. So the topic for this session is going to be insights from the citation Venus and national assessor. So here you are. So fate you can use of this. If you have anything to point you can use of that this is and then no worries you can walk and you can also >> I just want to make sure that the online people they can hear you very well because we have Sarowak people. >> Oh yes of course. Yeah, thank you. >> And of course I have questions from an in the panel discussion for Sarabak educators who are following us because I want to know how as a international you know collaboration we can apply for the national teaching. Thank you but I wait for that question but >> okay all righty thanks very much for being here today. Lovely to see you Angela again. But Angela and I just came back from New Zealand from my sort which is the international society for scholarship teaching and learnings and we were really inspired when we with the wonderful pedagogical approaches that people have taken and we're quite comforting to hear that you know people across the globe in the teaching space are actually encountering the same challenges and I believe that through a lot of dialogue and collaboration that we can overcome that together in the very near future. I'm looking very I'm very positive about that. So you know but first of all thank you so much beta for inviting me to share today my experience and my journey in applying for a citation award with the autout and so my citation really oh sorry there we go. So my citation was actually entitled empowering health science students to thrive in work integrated learning through crafting a professional identity and scaffold of industry engagement and my application was based on these three key words that we see three elements that we see here primarily because when I was a the course director of the bachelor of health science the immediate gap that I saw was that my students often struggled with professional identity and purpose and the reason for that there were two reasons. First of all because bachelor of health science is quite a broad degree. It equips students with broad range of skills in health and knowledge. And often they choose the degree because it is that broad. Now there are opportunities to major in different disciplines and special specialtities but they do take some time to start thinking about the careers they want to actually pursue. Secondly also that students don't often think about that even because there's actually no mandatory professional placements not like in courses with a you know placement experience that's mandated by professional accreditation bodies. We don't have that. So in order to actually try to get students start thinking about building that professional identity we need to really bridge that gap by having these you know authentic curriculum or experiences with industries. And because we've got almost a thousand students, it's impossible to place every single one of them in the host organization. So the citation actually speaks mainly about creating a one-year scaffolder approach to bring industry partners onto campus whereby our students will work very close with our partners honorable research question and actually generate outputs. They have been recently actually one of them have been recently been published by an industry partner and some of them have used the findings from the students to actually create data fact sheets for community etc. So there has been quite a lot of a good outcome for both industry partners and our students in terms of employability as well. Okay. So it's all about trying to get people to build their professional network with this opportunity but also to build work skills and to also be start to reflect upon you know the career planning journey as well. So this is my little road map to my journey crafting autation. This obviously will be different for every single person who's applied for it as well. Now as Ed has said also you know a lot of times we forget to connect our practices with scholar literature and things like that. So when I was an early career academic you know when I inherited curriculum and I could see a problem in there I'm so excited to fix the problem but often I don't go back to think about okay why do I have this sort of mentality and mindset and also you know what is other people actually doing to approach the same or similar problem. So, it's really important to make sure that as you are thinking about applying for different kinds of awards, not just the AAT, but you know, things like the school teaching excellence award, the bias chances award, is to be able to back up and support your pedagogical approaches with literature. , and also to take the opportunity to reflect upon what you actually love about teaching, educating our students. And as you read literature, pick out the pedagogical approaches and theories that resonate with you as a teacher because then you'll be able to speak much clearly and loudly in your narrative on your passion that comes out through the narrative but also at the same time as supporting those interventions that you have created. So just some examples that I have given here which is basically my scholarship learning teaching and also my teaching philosophy is based on a variety of different kind of theories as well including the vagodsky theory of social constructivism authentic curriculum and there's now actually a much more a lot of a lot of emphasis now on signature pedagogy whereby students are now encouraged to start thinking and doing things just like what industry is expecting. So there's a lot more you know a lot of literature that's been published in recent times about pedagogy and I encourage you to actually look at that as well and see whether your practice how does it apply to what industry needs and wants and also once you actually be able to find the teaching philosophy then you can go on to make more sense of you know what are the gaps that needs to be addressed in the curriculum that you have. So I'll giving you some examples here. So first thing that I've spotted was that students often struggle with group work. They hate group work etc. And in one particular unit that's within the scaffolded approach that I've created is that students were given an assignment that was group assignment due in week five of the semester right they had no time to actually build the connections this with their with their peers. They don't have time to really think about how they want to work as a team and they will already assess 20% of the assessment already doing week five and that unit also had another component which another 30% also group work as well so you know there was a lot of flashback from students saying you know we don't like working with other students you know we you know don't know these students things like that and what was worse was during covid so all the group discussion had to had to happen on collaborate ultra online and people don't know the campus was so difficult But regardless whether it was online or on campus, I knew that you know students need to have time and opportunities to build that central intelligence. So I give them plenty of opportunities to actually take the time to get to know each other, build team dynamics, negotiate how they want to work as a team through a group contract and then also give them opportunities to assess their own contributions and develop during the group assessment. The second thing I knew that was a little bit of a disjoint in the unit is that students thinking okay they do this research unit for example you know although yes we do research tells us but what's it really got to do with me but what are my nutritions so I had to make it really explicitly very clear about how we can apply what we learn in research for example to different disciplines in health and finally there was no vulnerable experience you know there were just teachers giving us examples of what students could research about. So in that case I changed that experience completely to having industry partners coming here right on campus and providing us with the real research question for us the students to work together with them to find a potential solution. So these are some examples of what I did in trying to start crafting my journey towards applying for an award. And then as you're building these interventions as well, it's also very important to start evaluating the effectiveness of interventions. And usually the richest dialogue that you have is with, you know, informal conversations with students, teaching staff, industries, and community. And because that's so organic and that's not even solicited and you just ask them for feedback, right? And obviously there are more formal ways to get feedback through surveys, testimonials and sometimes I even get emails saying this is a fully experienced you know a really great opportunity to actually get to know industry who they are what sort of jobs they are in etc. Okay. And never be shy, like what Angel was saying, never be shy to actually share practices. Whether things have failed, whether things have been, you know, successful, they're all just as equally as important and valued. So share that with everybody else as much as you can. You know, it could be at a departmental teaching you know, seminar, it could be a school seminar, or it could be within communities of practice forums as well at the university. And of course if you have the opportunity you can also disseminate that at conferences too. But most importantly if you can actually show that your interventions can be implemented in a much more wider context such that you can expand your sphere of influence and impact by applying the pedagogical approach in other units. Course universities that is also quite well received as well because then you can say that you get you can you set up a model and that can be actually be shared and implemented on the wider practice and community which means that the good teaching practices can go on beyond your little own unit and so for me what I did first I did not got jump straight right through to the AAT I didn't have the courage to do that but I thought okay let me look based on the evaluation that I've got you know and dial I've I've had with different stakeholders. I thought okay let me have a look at what impact I've made in last two is that actually sustainable or not. So I applied for a school teaching license award 2023 and was a great exercise because then the template was actually very similar to the vice chancellors as well as with the a and this was deliberate so that we don't have to reinvent too much of our narrative to some extent but I did actually in the end that's always the case right but at least we have something to work from to begin with so I managed to show at least two years an impact I actually built a timeline of what I did each year to hopefully improve the streaming experience. So this the panel actually have a very good perspective of you know okay you're always obviously engaging with reflective practice you're not just saying this works and that's it end of story you're always thinking ways of innovative curriculum to make it engaging to make it relevant for the students and authentic right and so it's also a good time to actually get feedback from the school level so even I know of people who have not been successful in different years they still receive very good feedback you know what needs to be done next and even for successful applicants like myself I received you know feedback from the school stating that you know you should start thinking about publishing this work you know and how to go about it. So it's all about getting feedback and then from then on I went to apply for the vice chances teaching on excellence more in the same year and that is where I started to really start thinking about how does my pedagogical approach and the contributions to teaching learning can actually be disseminated beyond swing. And so I sort of revoked my narrative to have that sort of choice and at the same time from the time principles share this award to this VC teaching excellence award I still actually had time to re refine my interventions further evaluate about what else can actually add value and also to I also had more time then to show that longer term and the wider sphere of influence and impact and then I was then approached to actually consider you know applying for AUT citation award and so I had a discussion with my line manager my ADA and also my mentor struct my next slide and then I started to then said you know what you should actually want to contact DRX which ends is in it as well and then you know and was very encouraging and I knew that there was going to be I think only six applicants allowed to be submitted but I thought I was just going to give it a go and so you know an and his team was very supportive throughout the process of my a drafty and without them you know I would have been a bit lost to be honest because the narrative did change once again although the subheadings were pretty much very similar >> but there's a lot of emphasis I realized and aut really emphasizing on drawing or scholar scholarly literature a lot a lot more emphasis than the other two which I was experiencing so that was actually very tricky for me because I think oh but I already talked about in my philosophy and I references in my first part of the application in the last part they're asking me again to connect to reconnect that so I found that part the trickiest but I've kind of somehow managed to actually then started to expand the upon a little bit more about what I've what I what I cited and went into a bit more detail and actually really specifically linking those details to respective intervention that I've done. So that's how I actually managed to I think got the message across. And so basically I thought I'll leave you with you know some of some little tips on applying for awards. And so I want I want to say okay the site's very blank. We get co-pilot to drop me a summary image right of applying for awards and voila there you go and it's obviously very generic. It's not wrong but it's pretty much it's pretty much expected right it's not really fantastic. So I'm going to enhance that AI output by giving you some of the insights and strategies that I have experienced and used myself and some of them Angela already has very kindly has talked about. Now first of all it's good to follow these guidelines. Obviously this is obviously duh right but you need to know what other teaching awards are actually available and I actually didn't really quite know to be honest with you when I first started my journey. So you know talk to your AD talk to ERX they're brilliant if you know there are any champion teaching talk to them any awarders talk to them but also you know those university emails that get sent around to us about announcing who has won this and who have won that don't just pick it away read it because then from there you know who are the people who are passionate about this space. You can actually contact your fellow colleagues through these announcements of who these winners are and get some you know have a conversation going but also it's very important to start thinking about not just being involved in your own discipline research but also to think about L&T as a research domain as well and so start engaging with scholarship learning and teaching and this will allow you to keep a breast of the current research questions in L&T the challenges and the strategies to innovate curriculum okay and also with this sometimes you might also start thinking about how can you craft your the evidence of impact into a paper as well and that will then broaden your outreach if you like wherever you can you know do disseminate share sharing is caring and so share you know your approaches what went wrong what did not do so well what really went really brilliantly at different kinds of you know sort of forums and this is a really good opportunity to really network with like-minded people and sometimes you might think also about networking people with minded could also build collaborations and research in the L&T space right but at the same time you know seek feedback you know because you when you get questions asked right during these talks it also triggers you to think about oh maybe I wasn't clear in this or maybe I didn't consider that approach maybe I should integrate that into my curriculum right see but also a really good place to start sourcing mentors who can potentially become your referees eventually but also the opportunity to meet other people who you might be very passionate about mentoring others as well and Angel you're all very happy to also talk to mentor you keep us in mind. But also very importantly like I said once again the sphere of influence and impact is actually very important. If you can demonstrate that I think you're ahead in the game. And think about if your approach can be applied to other areas whether it's your courses disciplines units or even postgraduate undergraduate levels too and you know maybe it can hopefully maybe be a magic bullet for some problems that you might be facing. Publishing is important because you can start to make your practice known internationally. Get your peer feedback as well which will then help to direct you into further research directions for your L&T research but also if you already have published your pedagogical approaches and evaluation for example you can use the publication matrix also metrics as a evidence of evidence of impact as well. Okay, I didn't have that yet but I would have had something brewing in the background but I didn't have that but you have that I think it's a plus point and also like publications might take a few years. It might take time as well to actually publish. It also takes a lot of time to build good relationships and mentors and an already spoken about that's also very important to get external mentors because likely chances people reviewing your application are also you know are also from different disciplines. It's always good to be able to get external people to assess the validity, the quality of your contribution to teaching and learning and to get that feedback as well. But also obviously very important as well reason and also insightful feedback. So I think you know with that I did use a stepwise approach. Not everyone does that but that's that's perfect. Very much has a long journey but I find that through applying for the school the university and the national award at each stage it's given me opportunities to refine my teaching philosophy and to also allow me to delve deeper into my pedagogical approaches and how I can actually scaffold you know the depth of that narrative as I go along so I think it's quite it was quite a good strategy you can if you're a bit hesitant start small that's perfectly fine it's still an achievement but also to take time to also gather you know sustained impact which is quite important both internally externally so through you know getting pretty much consulted unsolicited emails or conversation feedback or even you know formal ways of evaluating your interventions and that will also allow to show the sustained impact over time. Don't don't I don't think you need to rush into it because you know it might be a one hit wonder. You want to tell the kind of it's all one hit wonder. It does have strength. It has it depth. It has its values and how that the value actually has changed over time. Right. So with that really this step by approach has given me that confidence to actually build not just community but also to build the confidence in applying for grants which I think really nicely aligns with today's theme as well. So with that I leave you with it. Thank you very much. I guess now we are going to invite Jess to come and you can see this is evidence of how we work interdisciplinary. It's just what we nurse need is just the passion about education and how we can do our research about the teaching that we have. So thank you so much Jess. I leave it to you to share your story of success. >> Thank you so much. It's a pleasure to be here. I'm Jessica and I'm a health psychologist based in the department of psych sciences. And I mentioned partly my discipline to give you a bit of a sense of sort of where I sit. , as someone who has practiced as a psychologist in very interdisciplinary settings and now is an academic and really focus on teaching and research and training, those experiences influence how I think about my teaching and some of the choices I make and the interests that I have as an educator. And I imagine for some of you that might be the case as well. Probably bring your industry or other work into how you think about your teaching. And I think that's a really lovely thing to be able to pull into your story. So does anyone know the children's story the little engine that could? >> Yes. >> So I've decided to title this the little assessment that could. That story is sort of an American folklore story that's about ultimately hard work and courage. And so I had a bit of a curious path to an AA aut which I'll tell you about now. , also for those of you here, I think it's so nice that you're thinking about this aspect of your work because those of us who tend to think about teaching and whatnot and who love teaching tend to be quiet and curious people tend to love the engagement, tend to want to pull on threads and think in different ways. And I think there's just so much joy that comes from this. So wonderful that you're all here today. So my citation was specifically in the domain of effective assessment practices. It was a team award myself and my colleague Dr. James Williams and we were focused on this was our citation title for excellence in the design implementation and evaluation of an innovative assessment to cultivate digital literacy and visual communication skills among undergraduate health psychology students. So as you start thinking about your award and why you the and pulling it together and why you do what you do, it's really important to set context. Now one of the things that we love in psychology, especially undergraduate psychology, despite being a discipline that if you go out of practice is really human focused, we love an essay. We love a lab report. And there's important aspects of those types of assessments, but there's also limitations to those that are well documented in the pedagogical research. And so when I stepped in to take over this unit, health psychology, I wanted to think what else can we here to be a bit more creative to think beyond just writing an essay and to overcome some of the challenges that exist with those types of assessments. So in this unit which at the time was an online elective unit for a third-year unit that really introduced students to relationships between kind of the psychological, social and biological aspects of health and health behavior. I wanted to think about what else can we do to make this more outwardfacing. How can we think about where all of these students are going because some of them were not necessarily psychology students. So what can we do to make this feel more relevant to work, relevant to different disciplinary roles, etc. And so we identified the teaching challenge that across our undergraduate curriculum, there's quite a lack of kind of authentic assessment that would upsy and translate well out to other types of work contexts for undergraduates. And that there was also a gap in sort of digital literacy for these undergraduate psych students. And how could we potentially solve that? , and as I go along, I'm going to point out a couple of things that I actually included as visuals in my AAT and this is one of them. , as Angela pointed out, it's nice to not just have blocks of text. You want to use space in strategic ways to illustrate who you are, how you are, and what you're doing. And so this kind of showed what we were trying to do, which was ultimately to think about the specific skills and ways of engaging that we wanted students to build. The way we evolved the assessment was we went from having a research essay that won 40% of the mark to having a two-part assessment in which students analyzed some empirical papers and critiqued those articles which held on to some of that. Initial I guess standard practice, but then they were taking that information and flipping it into a health infographic to communicate information in a different way targeted toward a particular audience and something that's very relevant for things like public health interventions, other types of communication in public spheres, even visual abstracts for those students who are interested in going on and potentially pursuing research careers one today. , and so it's really important as you think about telling the story of your award, how you that you're able to articulate how you made decisions and why and what was the problem or challenge that you were setting out to solve. So, , the criteria, the wording tends to kind of change slightly over the years, but in the citation application, you are tasked with responding to a series of board criteria. So, the first one, how did you positively impact on student learning and being able to showcase the time? So, in our project, this was another visual that was included in the application to showcase that timeline. You don't want assessors going but was this really over the minimum timeline. You want assessors to see how things moved and what some of the activities were that you were involved in. So that becomes quite important. Initially see this is going to be you we won an Adobe innovation grant which is such a wonderful opportunity at Swinburn. You get so access to so many resources and learning opportunities and tools and I've continued to draw on that learning in so many different ways. We did sort of a pilot delivery which we decided to actually build a quasa experimental pre-post evaluation around this assessment. I wasn't thinking about teaching awards. I was thinking how do I make this a research program? This sounds fun. And then a more kind of made some adjustments had an evaluation that then continued presented at a national conference and then the unit was ultimately pulled out of the online space and pulled into an onampus elective as part of a mental health an advanced mental health minor which was really exciting. So that how do we now work this for in person delivery. So in this domain the thing that comes up for me having won my award but now having had the great privilege of sitting on as an assessor is evidence and more evidence. It's not just enough to say this was great. You need to anchor it in the same way that you're thinking about that when you write a promotion application for example. And so you want to tell the story. So we talked about delivery modes and that evaluation total students who had been impacted by this learning experience. We used of course the student feedback survey both in the qualitative comments select ones that spoke to this assessment. It's not this is a great unit. It was talking about this particular pedagogical innovation. Our evaluation survey findings that we had which were bright and quite interesting some of the things that we captured and then to show the impact over time. So this was a little graphic that again included in the application to sort of help illustrate to kind of present a little bit of quant data but to do it in a way that was easily accessible. Also being mindful that assessors are consuming a lot of information as they're reading these applications as well. So, what can you do that's going to be easily digestible? You don't want an assessor going, "What the hell are they trying to communicate with this crap? " So, being really thoughtful about that. , and these are some of the examples of quotes that we included in our application that helped to underscore some of the points that we were making and linked back to some of the skills that we were hoping the students would develop. So they're speaking about what they were doing and the creativity something that they felt like they could take into the workplace that applied aspect and so what they were saying was aligning with what we hope that they would get out of it. So helps to tell a cohesive story. Criteria B gain recognition from colleagues the institution and broader community. So, this can look a lot of different ways depending on the nature of what you're doing. You know, I've got the little assessment that could here, but you might be thinking about something much broader. Maybe it's a course redesign or some other pedagogical initiative that doesn't sit directly in a unit, for example. Who knows? But for us recognition from colleagues, we had collaboration with colleagues across disciplines who helped to kind of inform some of our thinking around visual communication. Some of our materials were adapted for use in another disciplinary unit at Swimburn. So it was taken into physiootherapy. Recognition from our institution came in the form of that grant. I won an innovation and teaching and learning award. And then we were we applied for the school teaching award the same year as the AAT because part of the curious path was when we thought well maybe we'll apply for a school award and it went to the fabulous aunt and he goes I think you might have an AAT here and I said what's that so it is important to know words or at least know what people know so that you can start to learn and so that was a really wonderful I mean I can't say enough about the resources we Travis Swinburn to support all of us in this process. And then the broader community, we had a national conference presentation that was delivered during COVID. So they posted it online. So we were able to pull metrics of views to include in the application to evidence some of the reach of that conversation we were having about the assessment. We had some unsolicited feedback from colleagues and we also made our curriculum materials publicly available through the Adobe Education Exchange. And we were also able to then report on downloads of things like our rubrics etc. So again being able to provide that evidence of the reach of your innovation and thinking creatively about what that could look like. You need to think about the creativity that you've shown. Now that may be coming up with something really totally wild and inventive, but it may also be thinking about how did you take something that's maybe done in other disciplines but is novel in yours. How are you drawing? I guess this connects to the next domain that speaks to scholarly work, but how are you drawing on pedagogical research maybe in your discipline, but also outside your discipline? So that creativity doesn't just have to be creating something new the world's never seen, but maybe doing things in a different way for your sphere of work. And so these are some examples of kind of some of the outputs that students produced over time that allowed them to create and play. And I just I love I love all of these. And then the last one, drawing on scholarly literature to inform the development which I've already sort of talked a bit about and attempting to publish. So we have you know presented we've got a paper in the works which white papers take so long to actually come. We were invited to write a chapter which on this innovation which built from the conference presentation etc. So it's a it's a really rich I think experience. So now and I'm talking quickly because I realize that we're running really low on time. Now that I've been an assessor I think the importance to me of getting really clear on what you're doing and why is so important. And I think we knew that as we went along with the little assessment we could but I didn't really actually know where we were going. But it is so important to think creatively about evidence. What you're doing, how you're doing, how it's impacting is going to look differently for all of you. But not to feel sort of I guess limited to just thinking about student feedback surveys, but what are the other sources of evidence that you can draw? Build a timeline so there's no question about the sustained impact and evolution of your work. Use referee letters strategically. So it's helpful if your referees can be can help back up particular points that are important in your application. So as opposed to being like saying this is a platinum feature, it's this innovation has done this. And so it becomes another source of evidence to just really hit the nail on the head to support your application in a strategic way. And so for us, we had sort of our dean, but then we had an academic in another discipline who had adapted the material. So when they were able to anchor that and live that point that we were making, , connect the dots. I guess that really relates to those other points. Don't leave assessors guessing about the point you're trying to make. Be really crisp about if you're saying we did this, this is why, or this is how it impacted, this is what we did, this was the impact that it had. So anchoring those statements with evidence, and that's especially important because you should anticipate that the assessors are very possibly totally outside of your discipline. So you may know something's novel in your area, but if you don't spell that out, someone, you know, someone in a totally different area may go, well, we're already kind of doing it over here. You've got to tell that story that it's novel in your space. It's created in your space, innovative in your space. I want to acknowledge my colleague James Williams and fellow awardee my department and school who are so beautifully able to support creativity in our work. The team at EIX the support is there and it is beautiful and so constructive and helpful and I feel like it's such a gift to have EIX at Swinburn. Truly I do. My door in the back just and the AAT. So, one of the things that really surprised me both as a citation recipient but also as an assessor is just the thoughtfulness and integrity of the it is such a beautiful process and whether you're successful or you're not, you get really constructive feedback, more feedback than you get if you get or don't get a promotion. And that's probably because it's run by teachers who want to give good feedback, but it makes it such a rewarding process. So I wish you all the best and thank you very much and >> thank you so much. And now we want to I see that the EIX crew arrived >> but yeah of course the rest of the time before the panel discussion is going to be lead by EIX and we want to know as a early career researcher and mid-career researcher we learn how we come to have the opportunity to be recognized I'm afraid I'm actually part of the original one which I'm about first of all if that's right my experiences as an assessor Yes, of course. Hopefully things don't harm. >> Yes, you are going to represent the national assessor, but the rest of the team Alisa is going to be here to provide the instruction and for Swimburn colleague how we can complete the successful application similar to what Faith and Jessica achieved. Thank you. >> Thank you. I'll skip a certain bit because we so eloquently. Thank you. What I want to talk today I've probably seen around 40 to 50 citations so far initially as an internal reviewer for LTU at that point and the ex of course and then more recently last couple of years I've actually been a national reviewer on the citations panel so I've seen some here and a lot like when we're doing marketing I appreciate most of you are probably in the middle of marking right now I want to take the mood down compared to what we've just heard which is really positive stories is to potentially a smores board of things I've seen over the last few years that I've tried to avoid doing. I'll take a different spin of how to avoid this column of the assessment matrix which is called further work needed. In theory once it's gone through kind of all the sort of checks and balances that we do internally and at least it will tell you some about some of those. This is the most common bad news story you'll get. You're unlikely to see anything lower than this because we probably wouldn't have submitted it. It might be that we thought you were over here and we submitted it and in fact the assessors thought you were in that further work. So I want to give examples of things we see in the further work category without going through every box. So here we've got a kind of a composite citation application. This is really four pages and this is a collection of very common things. Imagine all this is longer with more evidence. I'm very passionate about my teaching. My students love my classes. I've consistently received high student satisfaction scores, positive constant surveys. I've done a thing. I've implemented a new quiz system which students enjoyed. My colleagues agree that I'm a good educator. , and I've attended workshops. I've read articles on pedagogy and I consider myself a constructivist. This is a very kind of common amalgamation of things we might see. , initially maybe a school teaching award and this probably wouldn't be getting a school teaching award either, but it's certainly closer to one. So what is missing here? Initially, there is certainly a lack of a significant contribution or an argument towards why these quizzes are significant or indeed sustained in terms of the change they've implemented. There's very little that's been actually measured either in a quantitative, a qualitative or an argument of a narrative or an argumentative sense. And there's not really anything about innovation, creativity, and they're the hard ones. As a STEM educator, they can often you often feel like maybe on the back foot compared to someone who is in the creative disciplines because they and actually I think it's harder for them. The real thing though is that there's no citation theme. I remember somebody asked a question about why is it citation? And for me, this image is the key. What you're arguing about in your four pages is the thing that you've done rather than yourself or just yourself. It's not about I'm great and here's a thing I did. It's it's here's a thing I did that's great and how I did that great thing and the impact of that great thing. The thing that needs to be in the spotlight is the citation theme. And we've seen two great examples of citation themes. So, what I'm going to quickly do is throw a bit better stuff in to get us further down this way. We've now got a citation thing. Developing an online quiz system which motivates and encourages students to learn. Still some problems, but at least we now know what it's about. I've put in some evidence teaching satisfaction scores. Imagine there's like whole tables of this, not just here. A quote from my student. They really like the class. And three years, three years, my the educators actually like the citation, not just they think I'm a good educator. The citation theme is recognized by the other educators. , and I've tried to link being a constructivist to the citation thing, what it means. And so this thing helps students construct their own knowledge. This is still very much further work needed as an application, but it's along the way. Let's rethink. Have we shown real change based on a specific initiative with an intent rather than just overall? I don't think yet we haven't aligned necessarily our evidence the citation theme and we'll talk a bit more about that in just a sec. I appreciate the meeting into your time a little bit. Lisa, sorry about that. Is it creative, imaginative, or innovative yet? Have I explained in my context why it is very similar to what Jess said if it's sometimes common for a reviewer to think, oh well, we've been doing this in the ex discipline for decades. But if you've explained why your discipline traditionally hasn't done it and hopefully evidence why that's the case and shown how this applies now it is creative innovative because it's your application. It could be your setting in your department or swimburn but be careful about just looking like you're slagging off your ex people have taught your unit. This unit was terrible and I took it on. It's great. Like that didn't read very well but that's probably part of the narrative you might well have. But just be careful. And one of the key things about scholarship that I think is missed time and time again for ones that have gone through their institutional approval process and got the AOT is scholarship needs to be both feed in and feed out. So it be based you got to say what you're doing is based on some scholarship or at least some theories understanding or contextualizing in your field. But you should have contributed yourself in some way. We've seen some great examples. I won't go into anything more there. I think that's one of the key things we see a lot missed. People talk a lot about their because they have to their philosophy of teaching and the basis of what they've done and then might mention they went to a conference but you really show how you have fed out to your scholarship. The one thing I'd like to leave you with apart from it being about the citation theme rather than yourself is something that I'm going to for the sake of this room call the chocolate bar test. It's really another measure of evidence quality. If you substitute what you said is the thing that was innovative with I gave every student the chocolate bar at the start of semester and your evidence base kind of holds roughly as credible as it did before. Your evidence is probably not functioning as well as you think it is. And this is as a reviewer I found myself doing this more and more. If we do that for this citation we can really start to see the problems with it. So I've given students chocolate. I gave students chocolate the same. They still enjoyed the class, right? It's great. I love that. My colleagues like chocolate, too. And okay, this one is hard to argue in the application. Chocolate helps students construct their own meaning of subject. So, this is the one that's like actually that one if it was expanded on probably is the most evident bit. The scholarship evidence, if you if there was more credibility, that one doesn't pass my sniff test. These two. The act liking what I did is not evidence that the thing I did contribute to their learning unless my citation theme is about students really hating my discipline and that's if my aim of my thing is to make students enjoy my subject and then obviously have implications to grading and assessment and all those things then arguably that is good evidence anyway. So if you as well, the composite bad thing is often easier to work with than a than a than replicating an amazing application. So I suggest you have a go at the chocolate bar test with what's in your brain right now for your intervention. Just check that what evidence might you give is it going to line up? And if not, come and chat to people in the ex. We've got the four of us here right now about different evidence collection strategies you can do right now because it's going to be June July the time you're expressing interest with EIX. I hope I got that right. Sorry if it's wrong. Is so you've got plenty of time to get that evidence at least one major teaching period. Keep looking at that assessment matrix. It's really well evident if you start reading the higher and the recommended if that gives you what you need to do if that will give you the expectation. We really need to be submitting ones that are mostly higher. You know if you if you have a collection of recommended with maybe one further work that is not going to be successful when it gets to the national level. Ensure that the scholarship is feed in feed out probably more elegant way of saying that. And finally, there's an order suggested ordering application that used to be mandatory and now is free form. In the ones we saw this year, I'm not sure. Anyone who went away from that, it didn't quite work. It sometimes really works really well to start with section D, which is the scholarship part, situate your scholarship and then do the rest. That I can see that one working. But as a panel, we all remarked on the fact that we found a different ordering actually harder to assess. , so definitely have a chat with your peers in your department and then maybe the people in the EIS who are reviewing your application. Is it working that way? And maybe go back to the tried and tested since 1997. Did you say it's kind of in this order? It probably isn't so sort of bad. , so that's my overall kind of re-reflection. Over the last sort of couple of years of reviewing these things. , and I'd like to pass on now to Alisa. , or maybe would you like to do the transition? I'm sorry. >> Thank you. We are lucky at Swimburn to have this source of intelligence that they are helping us as a national assessor. So, and provide us with a great instruction of how things works and how things doesn't work. So now we are going to invite Elisa again from EIX crew. So >> yeah so this is this >> and if you want to point it out I just see this. Yes. >> And then we are going to have 15 minutes at the end for any questions production. >> Thank you. >> Hey, thanks everybody. So, thank you so much to be her friend for inviting us. It was wonderful to see Angel and to our amazing applicants that I recognize and some students as well. , and I apologize I wasn't here and we came in a little bit late, but we had clashes. So, what I think has happened is that you've gotten a really good understanding of both the award types as well as things to put into your applications and things to look out for. So, hopefully what I'm going to do now is to talk about we'll complement that. So, we're talking about what we can do for you to help you in your application process and sort of a broader picture of what teaching awards can be in terms of both reward and recognition for individuals but also part of our broader goals if you like to promote teaching learning quality. That's been so here we go. So, we think about what teaching awards might mean. We often think about well I've done some great stuff. I want to get rewarded for that. I can gain recognition. But we can also then that leads to a career for progression for that individual. We want to think about these in terms of the system that we're supporting across a university context. It's also about community building. We're here today to talk about autout specifically, but we can build in these ideas together like we meet other educators who are doing similar things. We meet other people who are interested in these ideas and by doing this sort of thing we can actually build community teaching and excellence and overall this is the grand plan or grand vision is that we can build a culture that is underpinning teaching and learning excellence and is really valuing that across the institution. I'd also argue that we could feed that back as well. Building a teaching and learning culture of excellence feeds in to connecting people across the university and into ways that individuals can understand how their own practice can be further developed leading into greater opportunities for award recognition. So it's all it's all a big network of people and connecting us together. So I'm really was so excited to see an invitation from you Peter and well done on getting this organized. So as a quick background I've been it's been about a year in EI as you as you all have heard. I'm also a scientist by training. So I can connect with some of the ideas that you all have and understand that this is a different way of presenting your work than necessarily a promotions application or you know a manuscript or something like that. It is a different way of writing but I won't talk about that because people have talked about that a lot. Okay. So if we can start thinking that's our big picture. So what we're doing at Swimburn is we have a number of different award types from the local school level through to international that we've kind of gathered some resources and some advice about and this is very slide don't worry about it school teaching excellence awards EIX will host a canvas support page which has resources we have dropin support we can late the application ations for the schools and send out the review criteria to the schools, but the schools have their own panel of assessors and award decision processes. Then of course we've got the vice chancellor's awards they're supported by people and culture now. They're not supported by any more. So this is if we're going for the school level to the university level. Then of course we got to add which is what we talk about today. Again we've got a canvas site and I'll go through some of the other supports there and of course a based network a TN Australian university Australian awards for Australian university teaching network. Thank you and specific workshops and really comprehensive resources. So what we do normally is to link out to those specific resources but we do have a process that we go through as well. This is just a picture of some of our school teaching award excellence award winners just okay so that we have a bunch of different award types but what we've done is it's got a overall canvas site where we have as I said resources for to help people with these applications it's got resources for all those different award types as I said we collect applications for the school teaching excellence awards and we also link out to other things for But I'm curious to know and we'll probably have a chance to chat about this. You know, who's used this site? How do you use it? We can do that later. I don't know if we got time, but yes, think hold that thought and Jessica and bring that to me. And how can we move beyond maybe a collection of laws in this kind of support site? And as I said, this is all of teaching and excellence awards in one site. You know, would be better to have a different format, etc. , one thing that we've done is we've tried to sort of for 2025, we move the timelines around. , and myself had a bit of a brainstorm and we fixed things up a little bit so that the internal awards application processes align a little bit better with promotions processes and a little bit better value. So for example and I'll just quickly let you backtrack a little school teaching excellence award is assessment criteria but based on those intent so it provides a developmental pathway if you like towards learning the application. So for anyone in the room who's considering a school teaching excellence award application I think that's a good place to start it's because you will be assessed against the same criteria with slightly different level than the AUT and it will give you a good understanding of how to start such a board. So we moved it around. This is 2025. This may well change depending on when the AUT are announced for 2026 but we will work with that as we go. We changed this. So, I'm not sure if you can kind of figure this out in your in your mind, but we had the we had various supports with school teaching awards and a decision made in time for promotion applications. So someone got a school teaching award as well as a little bit of time here in between the school teaching award close and the AUT close in case someone was so fantastic with something just all right so that's our timelines but currently in 2025 this is how we with myself as one main people decided that we support application. So we wanted to kind of provide a bit of a pathway for applicants here through an EI AOI process through the draft a peerreview process for the drafts and all the way through the application process feedback on whether or not this was sufficient or would do differently is very welcome. So I'll just go through each of those in a in a moment. So we had the expression of interest where we had once the AUTS were announced we'd get a EI process through markup forms. What I asked it was open to everyone at I asked for an overview of your initiative or your plan. We've had to well applicants had to look at the AUT criteria, the award types, nominated award type they thought they were going to be applying for. Quick overview about of the their responses to those assessment criteria, which I'm sure you've heard a lot about already this morning. And also thinking about key points of evidence that they could include because this was this is often a something that's not as well developed in world applications. They're evidence that they might not have sources of evidence. We think about if we do this within the same year for your submission, you might not have time to get that evidence. So we want to kind of put this pipeline further back. So that we've got more of a chance to collect that evidence. Haven't said that. Okay. Communication channels we had via Viva engage which is a universitywide chat e newsletter we notified everybody that didn't enroll in that canvas spot and we also notified curious to know did anybody not know these awards were coming out because if so we all ch we may if I'm back to my network diagram main thing we need to do is we need to figure out how to detail and work together. So if we can do this better, >> let us know. Peer review process. I didn't have any cool pictures for this. Although there's two of the peerre so what we did was we once EI expressions of interest came through me I gave people feedback and encouraged them to present to submit a draft review. Once the drafts came in for peer review, we sent it to two peers within the who had detailed learning expertise well versed in the A criteria. They assess those against the standards and gave feedback and recommendations for next steps similar what was talking about for the work needed recommend for review highly recommended and so on. So essentially we've got a mini assessment process in there. , has anybody gone through did that with you? Sorry. , we didn't get if anyone's gone through >> so that was helpful. >> So, we thought that was going to be helpful and it's very encouraging to know that it was helpful for those who went through. , that's something we're probably going to retain. , and again, part of building community, part of building connections across university. , I'm sure Kim does fine me putting this picture up though and actually constructed this photo. So, that's good. So, actually there's still a fair bit of work to do after this. So towards the end once you've gone through peer review we ask the applicants to send a final draft back to us but there's often point at which we still need to do some so we do that in AX but we also have our in-house team of copy editors who can make fix up your typos and make sure it's formatted because as you probably heard or you've already know the formatting requirements for very strict. You really need to adhere to those formatting requirements. , including creating photos and photo collages of applicants, , making sure you've got your references, reference reports, making sure CVs in there if you're doing your teaching. So what we did at EX is that anybody who we thought were ready to put forward for DC approval prior for A submission was we would give them reminders right you're going for you're going for a teaching excellence award you need a CV you need a photo you need XY Z right so there's a bunch of different the sorry the criteria are slightly different across different award types, but the formatting ones also slightly different. So, keeping on top of that, , we'll do that as well, although it's nice when the applicants have gotten organized. , we als Yeah, so we have in-house copy editors. , some final feedback usually was coming to me as the as the lead, but I asked nicely and some other people helped as well. And, , we load it all into the portal and sign off and answer. So that's how that's the summary of supports. But I'm curious about how that's working, how we can build so that we can integrate more of the other things that are helping build capacity in teaching and learning and reward teaching across the university. So this is my just like brain dump slide. We also are supporting advanced H applicants and could anybody that what's that? Okay, that's a whole another session today. So, so it's >> fellowship opportunities with the yeah formerly the higher education academy now it's working to the UK professional standards framework internationally recognized fellowship for teaching and learning capacity. Yeah. So, so that's something to keep in mind. We really want to build that connected process that will sustain build that community build those connections of sustain teaching excellence across the university. Couple of papers here that obviously we need to u do that in line with the strategic priority of the bad astro which is coming out this afternoon. So, I couldn't I couldn't include that in my presentation, but I'm sure there'll be something in there about building and maintaining quality teaching. Okay. So, anything we do will be in one of that. Kelly behind is the lead on the advanced H side. And because I'm academic developer, I'm also an academic and I've been these are a couple of papers that hang out with you on some editing and there's increasing recognition that there's we need to build those integrated models of teaching reward and recognition and capacity building. And so we're thinking about ways we might do that. First of all, keeping it the so a pipeline to awards but also sustaining impact on awardees following those awards. Right? So how this paper in particular said so people got teaching awards what happened after that how did they like that's >> yeah what happens after that how can we share how can you share your knowledge across university I know you have been pretty active in doing that off your own your own initiative right but how can university support community building so that's a question that also has padlet if you would like to put your ideas in there. How can we best support you across each of these stages? Planning. So the same year or the year before you're thinking about it, you're not sure if you're ready. What sorts of things can we do to help you? What sorts of things can we do to help you prepare an application feedback processes and submission? , I'm not sure we could put this out to the whole university, but I think for now we'll start here. And I think that would be I' I'd love to hear from you. , and thank you so much. I think that's it. Good luck. Thank you so much. So, yeah, that's perfect. Thank you so much for all of our amazing guest speakers. , so I know that we have people from Sarowak also. In the teams in the online team I guess we give a bit of like one or two minutes if anyone wants to you know I think we were we are here since 10:00 a. M. So please I just use of maybe one or two minutes. So then we are going to bring in enough chairs. So we are going to start our panel discussion and we really would love to hear your questions at this point because this is something that we can answer. So I just want to see if any of our audience or those people online having that question. >> Oh. Oh, it was right at So, Arisa, please go ahead. Whatever you know you can some assessment follow up to measure how much improvement you got in that scale or whatever it takes another year or so to you know go through the you know changing the applause and all of that so I am wondering what is the catch years for having very rich store cafe. Yes, >> I can answer both parts of that. Reverse order if I may. So, best person to talk to about the second problem is your AU. Because it could well be that your unit outline is maybe too specific right now and not allowing you the flexibility to make sense tweaks to an assessment. It's perfectly fine next ad h to have an assessment description that does allow some flexibility. Not completely changing everything of course it has to go through the school academic committee but that is a process that governed by the school and so I'll have to handle that as for ethics actually the final third of our ethics masterass is covering ethical considerations so our advice is usually that it is worth seeking expedited ethical review in fact it's not called that anymore it's called an exemption from ethics it's still a very it's still form. It's about a two-pager and they normally get back in 48 hours a decision because most of the things we want to collect as teachers about our students fall within that particular part of national statement that is covered by exempt from ethics applications. That also gives you the flexibility to then go and publish and of course as we've seen today the scholarship learning and teaching is so important in both school and the VC's awards and AUT awards that having that flexibility to then go and publish about it is very important. However a decision was made by our executive group in line with our data policy that we give to students which to paraphrase says we collect data for a primary purpose and we tell you what that is i. E. Getting your feedback. However, if a reasonable student would expect this data to be used in a secondary way that's also okay. The policies written in leaps speak. So please don't take that as verbatim but that's the buy and so get using student feedback as part of celebrating great learning and teaching and improving learning and teaching we believe would be I say we believe sorry the executive group believes is in keeping with what a down the pub test would give to student data. So, it's really only when you're collecting additional data beyond say student satisfaction scores or the open comments you get in the student satisfaction surveys. , and maybe I didn't emphasize enough in my talk, you need more than that, certainly for a application, that's when it's you need that expedited ethics approvals usually, but there are gray areas. , and so your school ethics advisor will be able to kind of give you the shades of gray in that answer. I just add to that real quick. So, sorry. >> All right. So, meanwhile, we are waiting for Alisa to add that. , so do you want to ask you a question? >> I'm also happy to add one thing as well. >> I've had a couple of scholarship teaching and learning projects go through ethics really quite efficiently. , and if you wanted to talk through what did that look like and how did we approach those projects, I would be happy to chat about that. , because it's it's gone through very quickly with a few comments but not a lot and so it was able to be turned around really quite efficiently. I would like to add to that because we are coming with a I always say like I'm just a graduate from science never training to be an educator then I become an educator and then do you know learning about the curriculum design the assignments sometimes we think that our curriculum is fantastic now I'm reflecting on my curriculum 10 years ago I feel like I overwhelm students with this many tasks so burning and you know that's is kind of a disencouragement so I think it would be great and that's what I hope with the EIX so we can learn as an educator how to come up with the innovative idea but at the same time not disengage the students with too many tasks that we think that is fantastic and also train for something that we never train ethical practice that statistical like these are not what we train as an educator in a science area. So this is totally new type of activity for us but it's part of the process for any educators who want sorry can add also to the evidence right I personally did not actually used anything from any ethics approved kind of document on paper in my application but what I was a wealth of evidence build up over the years from student feedback survey but not just that but also evidence industry partners and output of those interventions such as employability such as for example you know publications that was there from my interventions as a result students generating those research findings so your impact doesn't need to really be from research projects per se it can be a combination of different kinds of levels of evidence so if you really have been crafting you know particular kind of intervention for last few years we've seen that there are specific quotations that shouldn't be surveyed for example that talks to the intervention. You can accumulate that backing up with your student feedback survey bandwidth and it show that sustained impact. That's also one really powerful source of evidence not just only sourcing from research projects per say in learning and teaching. Now with that sorry the only thing I was going to add and I think faith is that forward plan is really key. So if you come to the point where you think there's something really cool that I've done in that unit and I think that's possibly there's great impact that's possibly worth going for an award. Often it's too late to actually do that in that same year. So this is why we start talking about a pipeline that starts you know two or three years before you go for one of these awards potentially. You might think of talk to people in your school who have done in school teaching excellence award talk to people in EX think about building a teaching portfolio. So different things that you've done evidence that what you've been doing is working. Start reading spelling literature. This is different if you've got time and capacity and workload to do that which I know is really challenging. Which is why one part of the education specialist role that are coming in is allocated to this kind of work because it's the sort of thing that is required for you to really raise very strong applications. Kind of need to do this as part of your dayto-day so that you can take advantage of those kinds of opportunities when they come up rather than when the announcement comes out for AE maybe or June thinking yeah I might go for that but then not having that sustained evidence that you can back up with. Sorry about that. No thank you. Thank you Alisa. So I think we are going Thank you for your discussions very interesting. I have a three questions. What would be the impact of teaching multiple courses? So for example, if I'm involved in teaching six to eight courses in a year and then next year all the innovations I introduce remain but I not stay with the course. How do this problem be? Tle to address through awards because seems like we need to take to the same unit for three years and if I so how do you so it's not about teaching the same course it's about your innovation. So your innovation whether you taught one course and then you took to another course. So you still build that narrative because that's part of your philosophy. That's part of the way you teach. That's part of the practice that's supported through the literature. But the other thing if you leave that course and your colleagues are continuing to adopt that practice that's another way to say that your influence has been expanded. So you've left the fact particular and as Ann said it's not about you it's about the thing you know it's about what is the you know you've introduced the quiz well you know everyone introduces the quiz but did you start talking about the quiz benchmarking students with their peers within their classroom but also within the whole lecture cohort nationally other courses it could be that quiz you use as data to inform educators of misunderstandings that students might have to help them change their practice and you know it's a quiz but there's so many things you could talk about the quiz right and there's different forms of quizzes maybe the thing is AI but you intro you know you introduced AI into an assessment because you're trying to produce ethical practices so you might look at the numbers of breaches previously of academic integrity to now how that's you know and there's things that you can do. So don't feel like you have to teach the same laws over and over. >> And I think actually that's strength because if you just show innovation or innovation across different disciplines or could you then it could along theme that you can go across as well whatever the like and take a bigger picture as well. How does this intervention because you're doing different units, right? How does it all fit in line with the course learning outcomes and what kind of impact does it make the course level because all your interventions throughout range of subjects in that course. So there are strengths to that there too. I >> think also if that's the way that things are kind of unfolding, that kind of large movement, this would be a lovely conversation to have in the context of your YTE with your manager to explore your career aspirations and your desire for acknowledgement in some of your teaching innovation. And so how can we think about maintaining that connectedness of you know across the units for that if possible? I know that these are tricky in different departments but I think it's a really powerful and important question to it. It's also the these kinds of interdiciplinary approaches and interdis across units I concur with everything said before but also it does speak to your own development as an educator and as someone who brings in evidence-based lessons into their practice and a short plug you can also bring then that reflective sorry the reflexive practice into your things like advanced H application ations for fellowships and so on. So it all builds on each other and it's all useful and as everyone has said it doesn't need to be limited to a particular unit or intervention. It can be about you as a whole educator in the way that you developed as well. So much. I guess I just want to highlight because our audience for Mercy members are early career researcher and midcareer researcher even our sessional block we really because all the intensive teachers yeah educator specialists. So I really want to see if there are any school level institute level and we learn that there are opportunity for sessional to join the national level. So I guess we all are working very hard and we deserve to come up with some kind of a internal satisfaction of we are going to recognize again I think I need to remind everyone during last 10 years how many research grants in my field science rejected I don't want to bring that kind of a disappointed you know belief to my career but also we want to see how we can come to be partner. So if someone else is using my initiative in their unit once I left then we can be a partner and we can come and go together. So I guess this is the same because we have against our SAR colleague online. So if they are joining us with a program or if we are joining them is there a place and that this is also going to be considered in a national the Australian award university teaching but they partner with an academic in Australia. So long as there's a partner and one of the iss educators and we are partner with someone in Sarat or partner with the academic from the different institute. >> Yeah. But it would have to go under the Australian, you know, it's a more structure. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> But it shows the influence that our idea and partnership works not just in Australia and outside Australia. So >> all right. So can we a few here? So all that what actually say is that it has to come by the operating institutions and we have to be a man and has to be some 10% maximum. So there are very specific criteras not under the team nominations specific >> but we've had team nominations not be eligible because there were too much thank you so much for all your help this year because after all can >> I just add I'll just talk loud is this in contrast to school teacher awards where there is going to be TN and Sarawak awards and VC's awards. So this is the AU award. So there are the stepping stones towards national awards which I'm sure potentially there are Malaysia national teaching awards that we investigate as well that could be interested in so the stepping stone awards which they're still very valid awards they're very hard to get. They are available on our campuses. >> Great. >> Considering the time we are going to collect the last question and then we invite everyone who are attending in person to join us for the lunch questions online. I thought you said there was some questions online. >> No. >> Okay. First of all, I want to say thank you very much for making today and really appreciate it. Today is not a very good day to talk because of chicken noise, but you talk about the encouraging people in the young generation and ask them to learn more and help with their kids actually. But we have another group of people especially orange door and in large housing we collecting these kids and this varian from the street and it's on my honor to be involved of this mandal and we are teaching there as well but we've been providing some basic information about the grace cast some of our services about how they can have a look of any which has breast cancer as well. So I just want to know you know which part of this engine will be very informative seminar can cover this part of job. Of course, a line of my teaching project I'm doing some session teaching and really love to have live in June or July maybe on this year but do you know how they can cover outside education that it's not actual student bachelor master because they don't they didn't have a chance to be educated and I remember when I started I'm going to earlier I remember when we started and some of them they never comparison talk a lot of us talking about different culture of conversation so I know it's a little bit upsetting especially at the end of this beautiful seminar but I'm pretty sure you guys have some connection to introduce me and let me know how we can be bright and shiny not because we want to say oh yeah I'm here because I want to ask other people to show you accessible and during their time when we listed enjoyment time. So yeah some sometimes philosopher among the more people and they can do something really that's the reflection of what we are doing in training or educating people outside the educational sector but yeah So this Australian awards for university teaching is really about the teaching that happens in the university. It might be an opportunity to think about how you appear into the university bonus and that's the most but there are other awards the shame Australia awards shame Australia awards are about university educators having an impact on community and this is exactly what you're doing what is the impact you're having on community so maybe the Australian awards for university teach is not the right award the It's shaping Australia awards in design. So we had one of the academics kind of shaping Australian water because they were using copper beads to make you know organic products to make concrete. Yes. But you would be using your knowledge as an educator to support this. If you can bring that knowledge as an educator to support this group of women and what challenges they're facing and the impact it's having, you know, have a look at have a look at those, see if they might be suitable if anyone else has got. Yeah, amazing work. I think if you're thinking about within Swingburn awards if you're doing a partnership with community and making an impact there then as an said national award might be the shaping Australia award but within Swimburn the VC awards do have a lot of categories that kind of speak to those kinds of initiatives so I' you know recommend you as I said we don't we as an EIX don't support BC awards directly anymore but that goes through peace and culture but I definitely have a look at that because it sounds like they're the sorts of awards that these are the sorts of initiatives, pardon me, that those awards really should go to. So and well done to you as well. There is some people they call them and this is actually important to go with that. We can encourage them and heard them access to university. Some of the mothers, they leave kids and they have children who live in a temporary accommodation with them but they end up to university just because they saw someone and give them to you know listen to them. I think that's must that's that's why it's one of the good encouraging people or supporting each other you know to get through but every little information or every little things about have the access to the website have can fill the application if you have any feel free to have a contact with me definitely you have my supervisor so I'm a student will be supervisor and I'm very familiar with people in this organization. >> I guess I guess the I just wrap up. First of all, thank you so much. I want to appreciate the time that our amazing guest speakers spent today for us. So I invite everyone to appreciate sharing the knowledge. I guess the purpose of this of this type of the events I always learned that if I invest 10 years then my PhD student doesn't need to invest 10 years. She can go with one year because we just need to stay informed and come up with a community of the best practice. I really believe in that and if I want to have one vision in this world with making the future a better u the world a better place to live is just to stay connected. I think we need each other and we support each other and I think that's why I really appreciate all the insights all the comments all the instruction we've provided. Hope this is the beginning of you thinking reaching out to the people and asking for your mentors and sharing the idea and then coming with a fabulous you know idea that it can help and improve our society of practice. Thank you so much and yes because nearly 30 years ago the government introduced fellowships. They don't run anymore but I knew nothing about fellowships and was me coming to an event like this where I thought I've got an idea and I went spoke to a senior academic about my idea and they said oh teaching fellowship with that idea but I thought and then I spoke to somebody else and they said hey that idea is merit. So speak to different people because some people will not agree with you and some people will because this is a science mainly a science computing and >> this is in fact it's it's open to everyone. >> I did want to say that the Australian Council Deans of Science offer fellowships >> and they're learning and teaching fellowships and they are $100,000. They were they I think they still are but they're a good amount of money to do a really substantial study. So please look into that from the Australian Council of Deans of Science. So there's a lot of work being done there >> and I think the last statement from me that's why with Mercy members we are looking for any of these opportunities and we are coming with more of these connection events. So at least we can inform each other what are the opportunities we have then we can start being prepared plan and collect the evidence as we just hear today. So stay tuned. We are coming with more events and thank you so much for your time. I would like to invite you for the launch. Thank you and thank you to the people online.