# VIDEO: This Bacteria Wants to Eat Your Plastic Waste (2021) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

This bacteria wants to eat your plastic waste. My name is Kana and my partner is Ali. We will be sharing with you an idea to reduce microplastics in the ocean to overcome marine pollution. Most of our waste including plastics are brought to a landfill. Some of these plastics end up in the ocean and they break down until they form microplastics. Microplastics are usually different in shapes and types and they are usually less than 5 mm in size. Due to this small size, marine life ends up consuming this microplastic causing a lot of bad effects on their health. In Japan, scientists discovered a bacteria that is able to break down plastic. This bacteria is called Idinolais. Many plastics contain polyphilline teraphilate known as PET. The bacteria adinola secondis produces two primary enzymes known as pthase and methace. These enzymes are able to fully break down the pet polymer found in plastics. The breaking down of this pet polymer produces ethyline glycol and terafilic acid. These products are being used by the bacteria for its own metabolism. Hey there, it's Ali. Let's talk about waste water. This is used and polluted water for mostly human activities such as from homes and factories. The waste water is treated at a waste water treatment plant before being released into the ocean or rivers as it has been considered safe for reuse and for aquatic life. However, some developing countries do simply dispose of untreated waste water into their rivers and oceans. Here is an existing wastewater treatment system. We start from waste water collection to bar screening to remove large debris and grit. Next is the primary clarifier to remove more solids. Then the aeration chamber to provide oxygen for bacteria to break down soluble substances. Next is the secondary clarifier to remove any smaller solids through filters. The last step is chlorination where all microorganisms are killed off. The water is then tested before being released into the environment. However, microlastics could still be present after the water is passed through the aeration chamber. Unfortunately, filtration is just not enough. Microplastics can still be found even after filtration. The removal of microplastics is much more complicated than we'd like to think. The proper removal of microplastics need filtration and degradation. And thus we bring in our plastic eating bacteria. And here is our improved waste water treatment system with the addition of a dedicated microlastic removal chamber. Now this chamber will contain our plastic eating bacteria that will break down the microlastics that do have the PET polymers. The products of these reactions are then used up by the same bacteria for its own growth. So what happens after chlorine is added during chlorination to kill all bacteria including our PET eating bacteria. This ensures our water is free of any harmful microorganisms and now our water is clean. We do have some limitations in that the mass production of the bacteria can become costly for the operators of such treatment plants. The enzyme does so far only work on PET plastics and this is the only bacteria in the world known to eat plastic. And of course, our sustainability impact. We are reducing the amount of microlastics from reaching our oceans and rivers. Two end products can be reused to make new PET plastic for industrial recycling. And the bacteria is killed before it is released into the environment, ensuring clean water. And with that, thanks for watching.