# VIDEO: The Future of Plastic (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

Hi, welcome to the future of plastic. Starting with some background information, the world produces around 400 million tons of plastic every year and with current trends is expected to reach 1. 1 billion tons by 2050. 36% of this plastic is single-use plastic and a staggering 85% ends up in landfills or as unregulated waste harming the environment and wildlife. Of the 7 billion tons of plastic waste generated globally, less than 10% has been recycled. Plus, recycled plastic loses 95% of its durability and can only be recycled a finite number of times. Here's a fun question. How much plastic do you think you eat in a week? Well, in 2019, it was estimated that the average person could consume up to 5 g of plastic weekly. The question is, how much worse has it gotten now? And what if I told you there's a potential solution to ensure sustainable consumption and production of plastic? Scientists Sadler and Wallace have proposed a new method of upycling plastic by converting it into vanilla. Vanilla is the molecule in vanilla which gives it its distinct flavor and smell. It presents as a whitish powder in its pure form and is currently mass-produced from materials such as petrochemicals and wood pulp. Apparently, everyone is crazy for vanilla because 18,000 tons of it is produced yearly, of which 85% is synthetic vanilla. Moving on to the plastic aspect, polyethylene thethalate, more commonly known as PET, is one of the most abundant types of plastic produced today. About 50 million tons of it is produced every year. However, the lab grade version of it is expensive. Therefore, the scientists that carried out this experiment decided to use a waste plastic bottle which they had found on the streets of Edinburgh. To conduct the experiment, an enzyme known as leaf branch compost was used to break down PET into therapy acid and ethylene glycol. Ethane glycol is a waste product of this process. However, it is used in producing many other products. The most common of which is antifreeze, freshly prepared E. Coli, E coli r where P van X an engineered version of E. Coli which was modified to reach the end product in one step and a bot transformation buffer concentrate which had a pH between 5. 5 to 7 were added to the thealic acid and analyzed for 24 hours at room temperature. After 24 hours of the first attempt vanilla was produced without having to adjust any of the inputs. However, raw materials were still adjusted and modified to increase the yield from 5% to 79% producing a tighter of 785 micro moles. To put it into perspective, a typical 2 L waste bottle weighs around 50 g, which is a billion times as much as the current PET production. This would give us a tighter of 785,000 moles, which is about 5. 2 kg of vanilla. It probably doesn't sound like much comparatively, but imagine the potential once the experiment has been fully optimized. Imagine if the title obtained were in moles or even just millles rather than micro moles. This would increase the finer yield by thousands if not millions. And what more if we could convert all plastics and not just PET? Plastic upycling could become the main source of vanilla production, allowing the current resources to be saved and used in other processes such as energy production, which may require it more urgently. And besides, getting rid of all that plastic without any adverse effects would be a big win for the Earth. Thank you for your time.