Cool. So, welcome to Design for Change. , we're going to intro do an introduction to Rush today. , my name is Emily. I'm going to be your moderator today. , then we have Bidder who's the design for change competition moderator I guess in charge. , then we have Julia who's going to be our digital coach today. , running us through Rush. And then later on we're going to have Michael who is the general manager of Czech. So I just want to do acknowledgement of country. I want to acknowledge the people of the cooler nation who are the traditional owners on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located on Melbourne's east out east and pay our respects to the elders past, present and emerging. I also want to acknowledge the traditional owners of lands across Australia and their elders past present emerging and their ancestors and the culture and heritage. So I'm just going to go through luckily Swimburn is an Adobe creative campus which means that we have access to Adobe's Adobe software. This means that we have the chance to run workshops, tutorials. We have six digital coaches at the moment who are here to help you with your Adobe needs. Then we also have a digital hub in level three of the library and then again access to creative cloud programs. So just today we're going to do a introduction to Rush which will include importing videos and images. Then we're going to start editing and adding titles and trans transitions and then add a voice over. And then we're going to go through how to share your work. Just before we start, we just want to make sure that you're signed into the Adobe Creative Cloud and have Adobe Rush installed and have the assets downloaded. Also, please turn off your microphones and videos just cuz it can get pretty hectic if it's if everyone's ones are on and then free feel free to use the chat button in your toolbar to ask any questions throughout the session and yeah just have fun mostly is the is the main objective. So thank you. >> Thank you so much Emily for introducing the program. So before I pass to Julia our fantastic Adobe coach to teach us about the Adobe rush how we can create the inspiring video. I would like to share my slide where I can talk about the design for change and Julia can you confirm if this is all good? Okay. So design for change competition is a stem prototyping competition. This is the second workshop that you are attending for the Adobe rush. We try to provide you with all the required training. So previously we teach you about the Adobe XD and this is the Adobe rush. So following to this one hour with the Adobe rush, we are going to have our guest speaker who is an entpreneur to cover the startup pitch presentation. So I guess all we need for this competition is a 4 minute video of your STEM design like a STEM design solution to a challenge. So I know that for some of you this might be an assessment. So basically you have done most of the fantastic job to design. So if you just create a 4m minute video pitch your design solution that would be the entry to this design for change competition. So in the design we are running a program which is called shaping futures. So we are hoping to develop Swimburn students communication and technical skills utilizing a multidisciplinary collaborative approach where you can play and risk and act as an entrepreneur. So this is going this project is going to help you to build the digital literacy and it's going to empower you with the skills that it's required for your future career. So that way you can inspire the community and contribute to the industry. All we need is a 4minut video of your STEM prototype. And we have this is the crossunit team. So myself it's be my name is beta from the department of chemistry biotechnology and we have my co I have my colleague Kelen and Elliot from the computing science and simburn design factory and we have collaborators industry partner Adobe team emerging leaders program and of course our colleague in Sowek. So these are some suggested themes for you to think of what challenge you might concern and you might think of the climate change something related to the belonging any digital prototype including mobile application or website. It could be an entry for this stem prototyping. And of course we have a judges who are going to we are going to have a live showcase and we are going to select the finalist with a 4minut video. The me the fourminut video is going to be showcased. Our judges are going to evaluate your 4minut video your concept your design your you know delivery and of course that is going to be in the format of the startup pitch presentation. That's why you have all the workshop including Adobe XD, Adobe Rush, startup pitch presentation to assist you with this required skills and all you need again. It's a 4minute video by 23rd of May to my email address baffronluin. Edu. Au. So the judges price is going to be 400 bucks. So you're going to receive a certificate of participation. You're going to get a credit from the emerging leaders program and your success your story of success is going to be published. So as I said the workshop one is available in Sween employee and this is the second workshop Adobe rush and the third workshop is going to be just the pitch presentation and we are going to have a live showcase on 26th of May. So please join us and help us to help you improve your skills and that is my presentation. So I'm going to stop and I'm going to pass to Julia for the actual workshop. Thank you Julia. >> Amazing. Thank you so much for that VA. So yeah, my name's Julia. I'm going to be running you through everything that you need to know about how to use Adobe Premiier Rush to make your pitch videos. Before we jump in, I just want to say if you've never ever edited a video before, if you've never used an Adobe program before, don't worry. This is a place to just have a good time. We're going to learn together and we're going to explore everything that you need to know to get started. So, don't feel nervous. We're just going to have a nice play today. So, I will share my screen. And if I'm looking off to the side or looking down here, it's because I've got a million screens in front of me and they don't all line up with where my camera is. So, I'm not ignoring all you lovely people. , I'm just looking at all of my many screens. So, let's jump in. , can you see that all? Okay, perfect. Good to know. Okay, so this is the very first thing that you're going to see when you open up Rush. , we're going to have some recent projects here. If you've never used this program before, there's not going to be anything here because you don't have any recent projects. , but I have some previous things that I've worked on. , and so this is a quick way that I can go back to any of these programs that I've used before. , just to, , let you all know, there are two versions of Premier Rush. There is the desktop version, , which is what I'm going to be using today, , but there's also a mobile version, so you can use that on any mobile device, including like a tablet device. , so maybe if you want to go out and record things on your if your phone has a better camera than your computer's webcam, maybe you can definitely use both of these tools to make your videos. So we're going to be using how can we access this page? So to access this, you'll need to download and install Adobe Rush. So you can go to the Adobe Creative Cloud website. , Emily, if you could find a link to that one and pop that in the chat, that would be amazing. , and then you can download the app from there and install it. , and so then once you open that up, this is what you will see. So, we're going to start making our video. The very first thing that we want to do is come over to the left hand side of the screen and we're going to click on the blue create a new project button. And when we click on that, we are going to have our asset selection screen. And we're going to have a button down here where we can name our project. So that's going to be the very first thing that I do so that we don't get confused about what it is that we're making once we're a little bit further into it. So we're going to call this design for change demo. And excuse my very loud keyboard. I'm sure that might be a little bit annoying, but please bear with me with that one. So, as you can see, we haven't got any files in here at the moment. , we want to start importing our videos and our photos. So, these are the things that you're going to record. Maybe you record yourself talking about your project or maybe you have a demonstration. , once you have all your recordings that you're going to use to build your video, , we're going to start importing those here. , so I've got some assets that we have , preset. So, we're going to just use these ones today. There's a link to that in the chat if you'd like to follow along. And my video today is going to be about these. So yours will not be about these. Yours will be about your amazing wonderful design for change pro projects. But for today, these are the assets that we're going to use. So we can navigate to our folder. You can have a look anywhere on your computer or on your tablet to find the assets that you want to import. And once you've found the folder that you want, we can start on clicking our assets to select them. You can see that as I'm clicking numbers are appearing. So this just means that this is the order that they're going to be imported in. So it's not too big a deal because we can absolutely change this later. But if you know, okay, I want to have I want this one to be first for sure. We can click on that one first and then go and click on the other ones and then we'll know that this one's going to be imported first. But again, that's not too big of a concern because we can always change it later. , I'm going to just direct your attention down here to this little button that says sync with Creative Cloud. , this is really handy because it means that you can work between all of your different devices. So, if you're working recording your voice over on your phone and then you want to come and bring it onto your computer to do your actual editing, , this button down here is going to allow you to do that. So, as long as you're signed into the same account on both devices, the same Adobe account, then you'll be able to work on your project on both. So, once we have all of our assets selected, we can go down to this blue button in the right hand corner and we're going to select create. And it's going to take a little while to load because the internet is always a little bit slow. But once that is there, we will we'll be able to start our editing. And there we go. So, Rush has already done half of the work for us. We've imported all of our all of our videos and our images. And we've got this thing down here which is called a timeline. So, this is what we can use to see what our video is in we're seeing the whole video all at once. So, we can grab this little blue line here, which is called the play head. And by moving this, we're just going to click and drag. , we can actually scroll to different parts of the video and see up in the preview over here. , we can see what we're looking at in more detail. , so we have all of our different clips, and you can see that as I'm clicking on different parts of it, , this orange, , this orange highlight is coming up around it. , and that's showing that clip is selected. , so if ever I'm talking about selecting a clip, , that just means clicking on it and you'll see this orange bar to show that it's selected. , we're going to do a quick little run through just of the layout of Rush. , so that you're not, , confused as to what I'm talking about when I'm pointing out different things. , it might look a little bit stressful if you've never used a program like this before. You might be thinking, "Oh my gosh, what are all these buttons? " Don't worry, I'm going to explain it all. And I promise you it is not as complicated as it looks. We're going to go through all of the different options so that you can feel nice and comfortable making your own videos. So up here, this blue button is the add media button. So if we have gone and imported our clips, but then we think, oh, you know what, I've got actually another video that I really want to put in this. We can go to this button up here and go to add media. And then that will take us back to our search function and we can add in some more clips. So if you've forgotten something or you want to add something new this button is how you can do that. This is also how we can import audio and do some voice over and graphics. I'm going to cover that a little bit later. And I'll show you that again, but just so you know, that's where we can find all of those things. Just going to close that bar. Down here we have some basic editing tools. , the first one we have is the scissors button. , and so this is going to be used to cut clips in half. So if I've got this video of some bees here, , maybe I want half of it to be played at one spot and then a different clip and then the other half of this video. So we can use the scissors button, just clicking on that. , and then we can drag this around. And you might have noticed, I'm just going to undo that with control zed, that when I clicked on this button, , it split the clip where my play head is. So, we can use this play head to say, okay, I want to cut the video here. We can use scissors, and then we can rearrange those clips. , and I'm just rearranging by selecting it and then dragging it to a new spot. , so we also have the duplicate button underneath that. It's pretty self-explanatory. It's just going to duplicate a clip so that you'll have two of the same. , and then underneath we have the delete button. I'm sure you've all used the delete button before. It's going to delete things. So, it's just the one that looks like a little bin. Pretty self-explanatory there. If you've got something that you don't want, you can always delete it. And you can always use the delete button on your keyboard as well. This one here is the expand audio tab, which I'll cover a little bit later on. And this one here is the control tracks. So, I'm just going to open that up and show you. Currently, we have one timeline. We've got all of our videos and images on one timeline. , but we can have multiple of those. , and that's going to be in layers, and I'll show you why that can be useful a little bit later on. , but that is the control tracks and control audio buttons. Welcome to the person who's just arrived. , we're just having a look at the Adobe Rush interface and running through all of the different buttons and options. So, these buttons here are the play and pause buttons. I'm sure that you would have used something like this before. If you've ever watched a YouTube video, you would have seen a play and a pause button. , pretty self-explanatory. That's how we're going to , watch through our video in the preview up here. We can always step forward one frame or step back one frame. , that's for very detailed editing. It can be quite useful. , and we can go to the next edit point, which just means the start of the next clip. And we can always go back as well. , down here, you'll see this gray bar with these two circles at the end. , this is going to be used for zooming in and out. So, if I grab this end here and drag it in, we are zooming in on the timeline. So, we're going to see more frames in the preview. , it can be a little bit tricky to watch someone do it and sort of understand what's happening just by looking. , so this is one that I would really recommend jumping in and having a play and following along. , and I think it'll make a lot more sense when you're actually doing it yourself, , and zooming in on your own clips. , you'll be able to see more and you'll be able to see less if you drag outwards. , the other buttons that we have up here are the full screen buttons, which is going to make it full screen, which can be nice if you want to do like a more detailed , preview of your video. , we have this one, which is the loop playback, which is just going to repeat the video over and over. , and then we also have the aspect ratio button. So, this one you might not need to use for this task. I would imagine that if you're making a pitch video, you're going to want to use 16 by9. That's kind of the standard high definition video that you would see like on TV or on YouTube or something like that. It's going to be in 16 by9. But if you want you can make a 9 by6 which is good for something like Tik Tok or Instagram. This is the sort of standard size for working on videos for mobile. We also have a 4x5. And we also have a square video. And I'm not sure if you can hear but my poor computer is really struggling with this. My fans are going crazy. So, , I'm going to let it just sit for a little while and try and calm down, but it will get there eventually. It's just overheating, I think. There we go. Okay. So, the last buttons that we're going to have a run through are these ones up here in the right hand menu. And you can see that as I'm hovering over these, , a little, , preview explanation is going to come up. So if ever you forget what a button does, you can always just hover over it with your mouse and you will have a little explanation of it. So the first button here is the graphics button. This is going to be useful for adding titles and any video things like that. The next one is the effects panel. This is great for adding different transitions in between your clips. And I'm going to run through all of these in much more detail later on. So if I'm going too quickly, don't worry. I'm going to cover all of this again. We have color, which is pretty self-explanatory. It's going to let you change the colors in your videos. The speed, which is going to let you speed things up, slow things down, and change the duration of your clips. The audio tab, which is where we're going to control all things audio. And finally, the transform tab, so we can crop, rotate, and scale different, parts of our videos here as well. So, that is the general overview. I'm just going to have a sip of my water because I've been talking non-stop for a little while. So, one moment, please. And if anyone's got any questions so far, anything you'd like me to cover again in a bit more detail, , let me know and I will be more than happy to answer any questions. Okay, I think it's pretty quiet, so I will keep moving on. So, I showed you briefly earlier how we can rearrange our clips. , so we're just going to select one, drag it there. , and then maybe we want this one to be at the end. , and so that is, , a very easy way that you can start to control the style and the way that your video is going to flow. So, , have a play with that. , I feel like that's one of the very powerful ways that you can get different moods in your video. Just quite simply by rearranging different videos in different orders. , you're going to get a very different mood and a different story line throughout your video. So, have a play, see what works. , don't be afraid to make different versions of things and , go back and change things later. , yeah, I would really encourage you to play with just moving things around because you might be surprised with the results. Once you're happy with the layout, let's just go to the very start. , I've got this image here of a bee. , and I think I want to add a title so that we can actually let people know once they start watching this video, , what they're actually watching. , we're going to give them some context and some information. So, we're going to go over to the blue play but the blue plus button that we looked at before. , and we're going to go to the graphics option and we're going to add a graphic. So, we have a whole bunch of different options here. And this is one of the really nice things about Rush is that you don't need to be a graphic designer or an amazing artist to make something that looks really nice. , we have all these nice presets here and there's so many so you can spend hours and hours looking for the one that you like the most. But very quickly today, we're going to go to the titles option. We're going to look for more. And we have this search bar up here. So, we can put in some keywords and see if there's anything we like. So, I'm going to search for yellow. We're looking at bees. We're looking at honey. , so we're going to look for something yellow. And I think that's quite nice. , this one here that says your vlog channel. , we are obviously going to change the text. , this is just a preview demonstration. So, I've got this one selected. I've just clicked on it. , and then down here we have this add button. So, I'm going to click on that. , and it might take a little while, but once it gets there, I'll show you how that will look. There we go. So, I'm just going to press play and we'll have a look at what this is. There we go. I think that might be a little laggy for you. But basically it's just a swipe across of this kind of yellow paint swipe. And then the text will appear and then it will do the reverse. So I think that looks all right. It's, you know, it kind of matches our theme and matches what we what we're going to be showing in this video. But there's a few problems with it. The first and most obvious is that it doesn't say what we want it to say. So we're going to select this clip just by clicking on it. And then we're going to go up to the graphics tab. So that's this one up here at the very top of the right hand side of screen. And then we have now that we've got our graphic imported. You'll see that there's different options here for different components of the video. So I'm just going to double click on the text and I'm going to call this design for change. And then you can just type directly into that field. And so you'll see when it's selected because you'll be able to actually select the text and move your cursor around on the text. We can add a tagline if we want, but if we think, you know what, I don't really need a subtitle, we can just go ahead and delete that and then it will disappear. So the text editing is pretty simple. It's generally things that you're going to have been familiar with if you've ever used Microsoft Word or Google Docs. , you'll be familiar with a lot of these options. We can change the font. Maybe this one doesn't quite match what we're trying to portray. , so we can go with, let's see, something that's all right. Something normal. Let's go with this one. , and we can change the font style. Instead of thin, , for a title, we might want it to stand out a bit more. So, let's go with black. There we go. Now, I'm not a big fan of this purple color with the yellow. I don't think it looks super nice. So, we're going to come to the color options here. And the one that says text color, I'm just going to click on that. This popup will appear where we have the color spectrum. We can cycle through all the colors. I'm just going to click and drag up to black. And then it might take a minute to update the changes. Let's try again. We'll select that. We'll go to black. And there we go. Okay. So, that's worked. Now, we can add an outline to our text if we want. If we select that, we can add an outline. And it might be a little bit hard to see because it's quite small. But there we go. If we make it a bit bigger, you can see. I don't think I love how that looks, so I'm going to turn that off, but just so you know, that option is there if you want to use it. And the same thing down here with the shadow. We can make a drop shadow on our text. So now you'll see that there's a little bit of a shadow underneath which makes it look a little bit more 3D. So we can also change the opacity, make it darker, make it lighter. There's a whole bunch of different options there. And I encourage you if you're interested to have a play with those effects and see if you can make something that you like. But the defaults are also totally fine to use as well. , we can also play with the character spacing. Make them really wide or really narrow. , that's just going to give a sort of different look and feel to your text. , and line spacing is going to be the same thing, , but in the vertical. I always get mixed up between my verticals and horizontals. , but that one's going to be vertical. So, if you've got multiple lines of text, if you've got a very long title, then you can change the height of those. , with that one there, , we can also go down here to this shape, which is the brush stroke. , and we're going to open this one up, and you'll see that we have some similar options. We don't have text options because this isn't a text , asset. This is the brush stroke. Now, if we're going back here to this image of the bee and the flowers, there's a lot of yellow going on, and it's a little bit hard to sort of see where the brush stroke ends and the flowers begin. So for this one, I am going to add a shadow. And you can already see that just with that, it's already standing out a lot more. So I might just make the shadow distance a little bit further. Maybe about there. , and I'll just bring the opacity down a little bit. , and there we go. We can see that now it's standing out a lot more from the page. We can sort of bring a bit more clarity to what the viewer is actually looking at. , and it just makes a little bit more sense. So, if we go and play this again, that looks all right, but maybe it's going on for a little bit too long. , it's not a very long title that we have there, so it might not need to stay on screen for quite that length of time. So, what we can do is selecting this clip, and I'll just zoom in so we can see a little bit better. Close that one. , if I select this clip and I hover over the end once my computer unfreezes, , you'll see this little red arrow appear. , it's a little sort of bracket with a little red arrow. , and that will appear when you hover over the ends. So, when it's pointing to the left, , that means that I can drag it in. And we're going to make that clip shorter. So, I could also drag it out and make it a really long title if we wanted. , but I don't want to do that. I'm going to make it a little bit shorter than it was. Maybe to about there. , but now you'll see that this B image that we have is too short. , so we've got this B image that I want to have in the background while this title is playing. , and so we can do the exact same thing. We can select this clip, hover our mouse over the end, and this little bracket and arrow is going to appear. And we can drag this out. , and then we can make that the same length as the title. So then when we play that, the timing is going to be a little bit nicer, a little bit more snappy. , and we're not going to have the title cutting over the next video as well. So that is how you can add nice titles and nice maybe explanations to your video. Maybe you've got a demonstration of your product and you want to put a little bit of text on the screen to say this was filmed in, you know, in this area, in this place at this time. If you're seeing this popup, it's just a good idea to close it and reopen it. I'm not going to bother for now, but just so you know, if you're seeing this, just close the program, reopen it, and you'll you'll be good to go. , but yes, , using the plus button and then graphics is a good way to add text and titles. , is there any questions so far on anything that I've covered? Any, , anything you'd like me to go over again? >> , Julia, , since you just show us with the graphic and add the text, what are the other items? It's part of the graphic just knowing where are the place for the features we are going to add. So it's just the text and the title. Sorry, is it just the title? >> Yeah. So this one and they're all going to be different depending on which graphic you choose. This one has the text and you'll see by clicking on the different items in the graphics menu different things are going to highlight. So this first one here is the text here >> which is the main text. >> This one was the subtitle which I deleted because I didn't want a subtitle. But we can always >> actually all of this is a subtitle of the graphics. I just see the tab because I saw the tab the left side. Now I can see that the right side it's reflecting on the set. Okay, I got it. I already know what is there. So thank you. >> No worries. No worries. Any other questions? Anything that I haven't explained properly >> and I just wanted to ask if a students use their mobile phone to record of their design or talk and you know introduce their pitch. So that recording that is going to be done by mobile it's a good quality that we can import in this Adobe Rush. >> Yeah. So modern phones tend to have very good cameras. U maybe if you've got an older phone it might not be as good. But generally they'll be more than enough for you know for this kind of thing. You know these probably don't need to be 4K ultra HD videos because we're not going to play them in like a cinema screen in Hollywood. These are going to be generally played on you know a desktop computer or on a phone or an iPad or something like that. , and so we don't need crazy insane quality because that's also going to make things really slow. You can see that my computer's already struggling just with these clips because it's a very old computer. , so I would always recommend , just keeping , you know, small file sizes if you can. , and so yeah, you can definitely use a phone to record. >> Okay, thank you. >> No worries. Okay. , so let's move on to some more of the editing tools. , I'm just going to zoom back out here with this gray bar at the bottom. And excuse if you can hear all my computer fans going. , it's a little bit slow, but there we go. So, we had a look before at the scissors tool. So, that's this one over here. , you can also use the shortcut S on your keyboard. So, if you just click the S key, that's going to do the same thing as clicking that button. So, we can grab our clips. We can move them around. And now you'll see that we have this part of the bees here. It's going to move into this clip. And then we're going to go back to the video of the bees. We can also say, you know what, I didn't want this second part of the clip. I only wanted this first part. We can select that and use the delete key on your keyboard to get rid of it. , so that's good. If you have recorded yourself speaking and maybe you, , you did a bad take, you, , mumbled or stuttered. , you can always just cut those parts out and just keep in the parts that you want. , so you don't have to turn off the recording, turn it back on, redo it, and try and get a good take. You can always just cut out the bits that you don't want. , so that's how you can do that using the scissors tool and the delete tool. , the next thing that I'd like to show you is the transitions. , so just in case you've forgotten, that is the effects tab. So it's the second one down right underneath graphics over on the right hand side. So I'm going to open that up. , and we have a whole bunch of transition presets here. A word of warning, I wouldn't use too many different transitions in a video because it can sometimes look a little bit overwhelming and a little bit busy. So, use these sparingly. Maybe just choose one or two that you like. , and use them consistently throughout instead of, you know, a wipe left and then a slide right and then a dissolve and a crossfade. It can look a little bit visually overwhelming and can sort of take away from the story of your of your video. So yeah, I would recommend just choosing one or two and sticking with them. , but let's see how we can actually apply them to our video. So maybe we want to have a dissolve between this video of the bees and then this video of a beekeeper taking out one of the parts of the hive. So let's select this clip of the bees and we'll choose a dissolve transition. , and it's a little bit hard to see, but there is a little sort of grayish bar that's appeared in between those two clips. , and the same with the start one. But if we have a look here, , now if we scroll across or if we play, , there's going to be a fade in between those two clips. , it's quite quick. , so we can do the same thing that we did before and make it a little bit longer if we want this transition to go for a little bit longer. , we can click it and it's a little bit tricky to navigate, but you'll be able to drag it in and out. , we can also just use the duration slider up here. Currently, it's half a second. , if we want it to be a little bit longer, we can just increase that. , and you'll see that bar will widen a little bit there. , and then it can be a bit easier to click it and , drag it in and out. , so then if we play that, we've got our nice bees and then we have a fade into the next clip. , if you change your mind and you want to delete a transition, same thing. We're just going to use the delete button. , and then that will just have a normal cut transition in between. So, there is heaps of different transitions here. , if you're interested, please have a play, see which ones you like and which work for your video. , and yeah, there's all different kinds of options there. , I'm just going to jump back to our title slide here. , this one is a image. It's a still image. , the rest of the clips that we have in here are videos. So, this is okay. It looks fine. , we've got our image in the background and then our title there. , but if you want to add a little bit more movement to these images, , we can turn on pan and zoom. So, if we have this clip selected and turn on pan and zoom, we're going to have this automatic kind of slow zoom into the image. , it's not great for everything. So, for example, I probably wouldn't actually use this for a title slide because we've already got quite a bit going on with this paint swipe. , but it's good to know that option is there if you need to if you need to add a little bit more interest to your still images. , so what I just did there is open up the pan and zoom options. So this little drop down arrow. , and then we're going to have a start and a end box. So we can move the start box around and say, okay, we want to start it over there. Go to end and move this around. So, we really want to focus on the B and we could, you know, really zoom in on that. , and then once we play that, you'll see it will be a much more dramatic transition and zoom into the B. , so that can be also a good way to highlight different parts of an image. If you've got different things that you really want to showcase, if it's a really important focal point, that can be a good way to do it. , and if we change our mind, we can turn it off just by clicking off this little slider here. , and then it's just going to reset to the default. , the last button here is auto refframe. , so that one is, , good for keeping the most important part of a, , a clip in focus. , so yeah, I haven't really use this one too much and I think for most videos it's not super useful, but please feel free to have a play with that one if it's something that you're interested in , looking more into. , it's kind of like motion tracking, but it's just going to keep the most important part of the video , in the center of the screen as much as it can. , so is there any questions on the kind of basic editing tools that we've covered so far? Okay, all pretty quiet. So, let's move on. So, I mentioned before about the having multiple tracks. So, we're just going to go back to the control tracks button, which is this one down right at the bottom in the left corner. I'm just going to open this one up. And you'll see that we've already actually got a second track already. We have the title that we put on before has automatically been put onto a track above. What that's doing is making a different layer above our video. So, whatever is on top is going to be shown. So, I'll give you an example. If I've got this video here and this video here, currently they're next to each other. So, they're going to play one after another. If I grab this one and drag it up onto the track above, this one's now on top. So, we're not seeing the bees video underneath it. , and so we can say, okay, we've got the bees, and because it's not the full clip here, we're seeing this bees. We've got a blank space in our top layer, so we're seeing this one here. But once we get on to the video on the top layer, it's going to cover up the video below it. , that in itself isn't super useful, but what it does mean is that we can make this video smaller, so we can move it around. I'm just going to go over to the transform tab, which is the one at the very bottom of the right hand corner. , and I'm going to make it smaller. So, I'm going to keep maintain proportions on because otherwise we'll get a distorted video. I'm just going to make this a bit smaller. And we can maybe move it. I'm just going to click and drag it and move it into this corner here. So, this can be really helpful if you've got a video of yourself talking about your project and then, you know, maybe a video of your project in motion. It's a good way to have like an explanation of it. If you wanted two videos playing at once or if you wanted a still image and then a video playing at once. That's how you can do it by using multiple different tracks. And we can do as many different ones as we want. We can put this video up top as well. It's going to cover up everything. So, we'll make it smaller and put it over in the corner here. So, maybe we don't want just two videos. Maybe we want, you know, four different videos, one in each corner. We can do that by having four different tracks. And you can change the size, change the scale of all of those in the transform tab. , while we're in this tab, I'll just give you a quick overview of the different options we have in here. So, what I'll do is just undo a couple of those things that I've just done so that it's not too confusing. There we go. , and I was just using control Z or command Z if you're on a Mac to undo. , so if I've got this video, this clip here, we can use the basic tools to change the position, rotation, and opacity. So horizontal position is going to move it left and right. Vertical is going to move it up and down and rotation is going to rotate it as you would imagine. The opacity is going to make it more or less transparent. So everything by default is going to be at full opacity. We're going to see the whole video. But if you wanted to have like an overlay effect, you can lower the opacity. We can also flip our videos horizontally and vertically. So, we can flip them like that. , that I find can be helpful if you're not used to looking at yourself. If you've recorded yourself, , if you're not used to looking at the, , reversal of your face, , you can always, , flip it and you might look a little bit more like yourself when you're watching that. , so that's a helpful button there. , you can do the same thing vertically. , I've never used that button, but it's there if you need it. , I've shown you already the scale button. So, we can use this slider to make things bigger and smaller. If we turn off maintain proportions, we're going to start squishing things and stretching things and making things look a little bit weird. , so that might be useful. , maybe you've got a video that's a little bit distorted and so you wanted to try and fix that. , but in general, you're going to want to keep maintain proportions on. , we can also crop our video. So, we can bring the top down. We can bring bottom up. And the same thing with the left and right. So, maybe we've just got like a little portion of the video that we want to show, we can just show that part. So, if we want to just focus on this one beekeeper, we can bring the left in, bring the right in, and now we've just got this one on the screen. , and so that's the crop tools there. And it might be closed up. It might be hidden. , but that's in the advanced section. We can also add some edge feathering. So that's going to give you sort of like opacity but just on the edges. And so that might be something that you want to include as well. Yeah, so that's the transform tab. A lot of these are pretty self-explanatory and you can always try things out, see what works. , and , if you're not sure what a button does, just have a play, slide things around, , and you'll be able to see what it's doing if you forget at any point. , yeah, we can also use these buttons up here, which are fill and fit. , so they're going to fill the screen or fit the screen. , and so that can be , helpful if you've got , you know, different size videos maybe that aren't at the correct aspect ratio. I would recommend trying to film everything in the aspect ratio you're going to use. So you can see my video right now is a vertical video. So it's 9 by6. I wouldn't want to record like this. I would want to turn my camera around record like how betas is which is 16 by9. And then you can import that in and it's going to all match up properly. , but if you don't, if you forget, , you can try and use the fill and fit buttons to try and make it work. , but you might be more zoomed in or more zoomed out than you've expected to be. So, just keep that in mind. , try and record in the same aspect ratio as you're going to be editing in. >> , okay. So, >> sorry to disturb you now because you're here. I'm interested to know because this is the design for change is for students to introduce their team who work in the prototype including the mobile application or website. So I'm thinking at some point of the video it's important for them to communicate and at the same time presenting their design. So can you please press play to see how these two video work at the same time? I just want to have a visual. , >> yep, absolutely. So, I'll just go back to here. So, we've got one video. We're going to play that and then the next video is going to appear and they're both going to be playing at the same time. >> , and so we can always move this around if we want them to be both at the very start. >> We can always crop this one in or make it , you know, make this one shorter to match. >> , the wrong one there. U, but, you know, we can always bring that in and just have them playing at the same time together. So this is very useful for someone who wants to show the screen for example to show the design the website or mobile application at the same time you're presenting. So thank you Julia. >> Yes no worries. So yes just to reiterate the way we did this was by going to the you will this will be your default. We're going to go to control tracks which is this button down the bottom. , and then we can grab a video and bring it up to the track on top. , so that's how we set up having those two videos at the same time. , okay. So, I guess now let's start having a look at bringing in some audio. , so one of the really nice things about Rush is that it's got a lot of music and sound effects already in the program. So, you don't need to spend hours finding the right song that matches the mood and then finding out, oh, okay, I have to pay $20 for this one. , it's got free sounds that are already licensed for you. So, we can go to the audio tab. So, we're going to the plus button and then audio. , and we'll see we have some sound effects, we have looping sounds, and we also up the top have soundtracks. So, this is music. So, I'm just going to go more in this option. , and you can search for anything you like. Maybe we want something cheerful. Okay, it doesn't like cheerful. That's all right. We can search maybe let's try let's try happy instead. Something a bit more generic. There we go. We've got a lot of different options for happy. So, you can choose any one you like. , you can preview the audio by clicking on the play button. , unfortunately I can't demonstrate the audio because of the way that my computer is set up. , but take my word for it. If you press this play button on the audio tab, you're going to get a preview so you can listen to the music before you actually import it. Once you've chosen one you like, let's say we like this one. , we're going to do the same thing as we did with the title. Press the add button and it's going to bring it into an audio track. , you'll see that it's brought it in where my play head is. So, it's not actually at the start of the video because I didn't have my playhead at the start of the video. It's totally fine. We can grab it and move it to the beginning if that's what we want. Maybe you want your sound to start halfway through. , and that's totally fine. You can definitely bring that, you know, to wherever you want it to begin. , but we can also just start it at the start, I think, is where I'll leave mine for now. So, I'm just going to close this panel. , and we'll jump into the audio panel. , we have some options here. Our basic one is just to change the volume. We can make it louder or more quiet. , and we can also mute it. So, that can be handy , for while you're editing. If you've got a voice over that you're editing and you want to have the music as well. , but you know, you want to turn off the music just for a little bit. You don't have to delete it. , you can just turn on the mute button , and then do your editing and then turn it back on when you're ready. , so under the advanced, , I'll show you what this means in a little moment. , the first thing I'm going to do is record some voice over. So you can definitely record your voice over in a different program. , you can use like your phone to do a voice note and then export that. You can record in , Audition or , any other program that you're familiar with that is good for recording. , but you can also record directly in Rush. So, we're going to go to this plus button up here and choose the voice over option. This audio track down here has now turned into where we're going to do our recording. So, you'll see that this microphone tab here is this. Sorry, this microphone button here has now turned into a record button. So, if we press play on this, I'm not sure it's going to work. Oh, it will. Okay. So, I can have my microphone here. Say hello. Bees are an important part of an ecosystem and they're very good for making pollination happen. And you'll see that as I've recorded that, , this recording has appeared there below. So, , I'm very thankful that I can't play that for you because that was a pretty rubbishy voice over, but we can, of course, edit it just like we did with the videos. , so we can say, okay, this part I don't want. I'm going to cut it there. , and delete this part. Just like we did the videos, we're going to use the snip and the delete tools. , we can also move it around. We can, , move it onto a different track if we need to. , and so that's going to be how you can record all your, , all your voiceovers if you choose to do it directly into Rush. So, let's jump back into the audio tab and we're going to have a look at some of the advanced options. What we have here is that it's automatically detected that this track here is music which is good as what we want it to be. We can choose this option which is called autod dark. What that means is anytime there is a voice over like here it's going to automatically reduce the volume of the music so that you can hear the voice over better. So, that can be really good. , if you've got, you know, breaks in your voiceovers and you want to have the music a little bit louder instead of manually doing that, we can just turn on autoduck and it's going to say, "Okay, I can see that we've got some voice over happening at the same time. So, I'm going to lower this music for you. " , and I encourage you to have a play with that. , I'm so sorry that I can't demonstrate it for you. , it's just due to the way my computer is set up. I can't play the audio for you. But yes, that would be how you can use those different options there. Okay. Let's have a look very briefly at I'm very just conscious of the time. I'll have a very quick look at the color tab. So this is the last one we'll go through just briefly and then we'll go through exporting our videos. So we can select a video. Let's choose yeah let's choose this one here. We'll open up our color tab. , and we have all of these different presets that we can use to change the colors of that video. , so we can choose any of these that we like. We can try different ones, see which one looks good. , and we can always go to none if we want to get back to what we'd already had. , again, like the transitions, use these sparingly. , something like this can, you know, look a little bit retro, I guess, is a good way to describe it. Having all different colors and all different kind of, , you know, different things like this, , can look a bit messy and overwhelming. So, I recommend keeping it simple , and try and be consistent. , and mainly just use these to kind of color correct if something's a little bit too bright or a little bit too dull. , those can be a good way of doing it. , at the bottom here, you can make your own presets. , but there's all different options there. We can use the edit button to also just change things manually. , this is a little bit more advanced, so I'm not going to cover it in this tutorial just for the sake of time. , but if you have any questions about this, , please do get in touch. , I'll put some links in the chat once I'm done. , and you can ask us any questions if you'd like to learn more about these. Julia >> just because first of all thank you so much. I still we are going to continue with you. I just want to say hello to Mike who is here and I guess Mike is here to cover the second session which is about startup pitch presentation. So welcome m Mike. We are going to finish this and of course Julia I just want to make sure that we cover that bit for the saving the video and please let the students know that we have a drop in session for any additional and you know features that they want to explore and ask you. >> Yes absolutely. Thanks for your patience Mike I'll just be a couple moments. >> No rush. >> Lovely. Thank you. Okay so we are happy with our video. We've spent all of our time editing it and making it look just how we want. , now we want to actually share it with the world. , one thing that I hadn't mentioned yet was that, , Spark is, sorry, not Spark, Rush is going to autosave for you. , so you don't need to worry about clicking a save button and, , doing all that kind of thing manually. It's going to autosave for you. The one thing we'll need to do is export it once we're ready. So, we've been in the edit tab so far. We're going to go up to the share tab. , and here we can choose our export settings. So, we can give it a name. , design for change. Let's just say that's fine. , you can choose where you want to save it to by clicking up on that button there. , and then under the advanced settings, , generally we would want to change the resolution to 1080p. , unless you want to be dealing with sort of bigger file sizes, , 1080p is usually more than enough. , we can leave the frame rate as it is. , I would say leave the audio channel as stereo. , and you can choose a low, high, or medium quality video. , that's just going to change the sort of file size. So, a low quality is going to be a smaller file, easier to upload. , a high quality is going to look better, but it's going to be a bigger file. , you can also export things directly to Facebook or Instagram, , YouTube or enhance. I have never used those buttons and I probably never will. I recommend that you don't as well. , just use the local, save it to your device and then you can upload it wherever you like. It's going to be much easier. , but if you so desire, those buttons are there and you can export directly to those if you want. Once you're happy with all of your settings, , we can watch our preview through one more time. , and then we can just click on the export button. , it's going to take a little while because I've got quite a few clips in there. , but that is how you can do that. , yeah, if you've got any questions, , we have drop-in sessions available. So, one-on-one drop-in sessions either face to face or over Zoom. , I'll put a link in the chat to where you can book those. , and we've also got an info sheet , that's in the workshop assets folder so you can , that's got all of our information on it. Our email address, our dropin links where you can find us. So if you've got any questions, please don't hesitate to get in touch about Rush or about any other program that you'd like to learn. Thank you so much for watching. I hope that you feel a little bit more confident now to start making videos using Adobe Rush. And I'll hand over to you Mike. Thank you so much. >> I guess before we hand it to Mark just with permission. So thank you so much Julia. It was very you know every time I'm coming to your workshop I learn a new thing. So again we are here to learn about you know how we create a short video which is more engaging more inspiring. So this is the design for change and now we are going to so as Julia mentioned we are going to communicate with you. We are going to share the recording video of the workshop with you for the first session, the second session and also if there are some additional resources that Julia would like to share with you, I'm going to share with you through the email. Please if you register through Sunman soon employee that is the way that we are going to communicate otherwise you directly ask me and I'm going to provide the information. So yeah so that is all I wanted to say for this first session.