Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the public communication lecture in the unit and of course this is the event open to all everyone and so we are in a science week and we were thinking it would be great for everyone to have an opportunity to be part of this meeting and this workshop is the a great story that is going to be shared with us and Patricia was in the first lecture when she said that she has an experience about above 70 years to act as a science communicator. So I can you can imagine how great and how valuable it is. And I guess the story of that you know science communication is important because this week as part of the unit we have if you are here from the communication for scientists this week we are going to practice in the tutorial activity to come up with our public speaking topic. So I guess we want to know how and what are the strategies how we are going to grab and you know audience attention how we are going to share our science how we should inspire audience with the science. So I guess I am trying to talk about all of this before Patricia start her presentation because I would like to make sure that we have more attendees joining us. But I think now considering the time I think we can start and the meeting is going to be recorded. So those who joined later or miss this opportunity they can always watch this recording and listen to the recording and Patricia it's all yours. Please introduce yourself and we are here to listen and of course the way that we are going to run this workshop is for Patricia to go and cover this story of public communication and of course we would like to have about 10 15 minutes at the end for your questions. So we are going to collect the question from the chat or if you have an audio we can let you to turn on your audio ask your question and we are here to answer. So thank you very much Patricia. >> Okay well my dinosaur and I welcome you to this talk. , and I just basically would like to give you an idea of how I got into this and how I communicate with people at all sorts of levels about the research that myself and others are doing science which is basically critical thinking. It's it's important to everyone and it gives them a power that otherwise they would lack. So let's go through. I'm going to give you an idea of how I got into it and hopefully it will have lots of offsprings for you to think about. So this is my own personal journey. , I grew up on a farm and I was so lucky to have done that because as I say, life began with grasshoppers. And so I was born in 44 and I the first memories that I have basically is being fascinated with the environment around me on a farm in California. , there was all kinds of things there and I shocked my uncle one time who was a boat builder because he wanted to build me a dollhouse and I thought that was fantastic. So at four he built me a really big dollhouse that you could walk into. It was almost like having a living room. And so he did that and he came over to see how I was going to outfit it. And he was totally and utterly shocked when he looked in because there were no dolls and there were no ovens and there no anything except there were shelves and shelves of bottles with dead insects in them. And what I had been doing was looking at the biodiversity during that time. The other aspect of my life that makes it very interesting to me is that I'm part indigenous. It's Cherokee. It's not an Australian indigenous family, but on the other hand, I do have a lot of indigenous friends here. And that background gave me a different look on history from the history we were getting in schools. And one of the things that has come out of that as I've grown is I work in many different areas. And I basically learn about their history, be it people that have been there the longest or people that have come in later and I build those into stories for kids so that they get the whole ring of history. So, let's just look at some pictures that relate. I mean here is me at about four or five and I'm really interested in dirt and so what I have what I'm doing here is this is where we had gone fishing and I was as fascinated by the sand and the different kinds of sediments that were around there. My parents were farmers. They didn't know anything about this other than how well it grew plants but I was interested in that. And so here are my mom and in the top left, my mom and grandma on one side of the family which is mainly Irish and my grandpa and grandma on the other side on the right hand side and my grandpa was full-blood Cherokee. My grandma was English. It was quite an interesting combination and they had 13 children and my dad who was the oldest was the one who raised most of them. This is the country we grew up in and this is during the winter when we had plowed it up. Now I learned how to drive a tractor very early on. So I actually learned about the mechanics of tractors and of what the best way is to plow fields were. I learned something about the soils and water supplies. All of those things really were useful. In addition to the farm, we were fascinatingly surrounded by biodiversity. That big redwood on the right hand side grew up in the mountains behind where we lived. The big rocks in Euseimde National Park which is in California. I was fascinated with their granit and I was fascinated with their shapes and their composition even as a small child and I didn't have anybody teaching me about geology but later on that fascination was very useful when I went away to university and on the coast there the California coast we had a completely different kind of rock setup it was the remains of an old trench where one continent was going under another and so the rocks were serpentinonites they were not granite They were very different. And I just noticed all this as a kid because we went fishing up in the redwoods in the Sierras. We went hiking in the you know in the area around Euseimde. We went deep sea fishing and clamming over on the coast. I mean we were pretty self-independent with regard to food we grew and food we gathered. We were also on the western part of California there were oil fields. And I remember as a f as a kid four or five years old wondering well what where is this coming from. So the curiosity that my parents and my teachers instilled in me was very important to me learning about a lot of things and also getting to the point where I could ask questions and not feel like I was being stupid and I wasn't treated that way. I was treated as your question is valuable. We'll try to answer it. Will answer it in a way that you can understand. And so that was there. So I got the farm farmer's ideas. I got the honey people's ideas about how their bees got all the honey together that was on our farm. I got my teachers who had a variety of backgrounds. It was just wonderful to be treated as a in a way like a colleague rather than somebody who was missing something. All right. So, I grew up in an absolutely wonderful time because it was a time there was a space race going on between the Russians and the Yankees. , there were there was just we were out of a war. We had some small wars. They weren't small, but in comparison to World War II, they were small. And we had just a lot of opportunities at that time in the 50s and early 60s for getting a free education. I mean, I grew up on a farm. We basically, you know, we weren't big farmers and we didn't have lots of money and neither one of my dad was he had to drop out of school in grade six so he could help his parents raise their kids. My mom wanted to go to university, but she was not offered the opportunity to go to university. Her brothers were, but her father didn't think girls should be going to university. So she in a way when I did go away to university, she came away with me to university at the University of California and she got a job in the department of enemology there because she was a very good bookkeeper and just a very good organizer. And they were so cool that they allowed her as a person who just had a quotes just had a high school education to go and sit in on a number of the lectures that were going on. Some of whom were being some of which were being given by Nobel laureates at the University of California at Berkeley. So she got her education later. But my parents with that kind of a background they still wanted to support me going to university. They had to sell everything they owned in the way of property which wasn't a lot. And we all moved away to university together and so that was the way it was. Now as I said UC Berkeley had a lot of Nobel laureates we were taught by those people and it was fantastic to have that kind of a background and then I went I got did my PhD my masters and PhD at Colombia. So we got a really good background from many different kinds of researchers etc. And we also were going to Colombia at the time right at the end of Berkeley and the beginning of Colombia at the time of the plate tectonics revolution. You couldn't ask for a better time quite frankly. This is high school. One of my projects that I worked on was trying to build a radiocarbon dating machine. And again, one of the things I learned as a farmer is that don't be afraid to ask questions and don't be afraid to do something that somebody might tell you is impossible. What I did as a 14year-old is I was really interested in carbon 14 got dates on when things happened in the past. And so what I did was to I just wrote to the man who was who had invented the technique Willard F. Libby who was at UCLA as a 14-year-old. And I wrote to him and I said, "Could I come down and see how your technique works? " And he wrote right back to me and said, "Yep, come down. " And I spent a week in his lab at UC UCLA and I actually ended up building a carbon 14 machine. Of course, it wasn't of the quality that Libbyy's was, but in actual fact, it worked. And I built it. , I had a quotes boyfriend at that time who was a boy friend and he was an electronics technician and so he helped me with the electronics. My dad was a mechanic and I needed wheel weights in order to make my , lead box that I could put my geer counter in. And so there we go. And here I am at one of the science fairs and standing next to me is Glint T. Seabborg who was the head of the at atomic energy commission at that time being one of the judges. We were so lucky to have those kinds of contacts and we were just farm kids and so you know I think very lucky then I went to Berkeley and I started my degree with my parents being there and us all working so we could survive but I didn't have to pay for my education. It was free and this fella was one of the graduate students there and I thought he was pretty cool and so we ended up getting hitched and he is Tom Rich who is now the curator of paleontology at the museum Victoria and we've worked on research ever since but we cross paths first at UC Berkeley then we went to the American Museum of Natural History and Colombia and there we were caught up in the plate tectonic revolution which was going on at that time And again I think I keep emphasizing this that we were taken as colleagues. We were not treated as you know minuscule students or something like that. And I think that is really important for people to realize that is the best way to teach to communicate to get on with people. And I remember my childhood we when we were on the farm we had to have workers coming in from Mexico. They were picking grapes. I would go out in the field and pick grapes with them. I learned their language. Some of the words I got in trouble for learning because they weren't exactly the words I thought they were. But we all looked upon each other as equals and we had stories to share and we respected one another and we got on with it. And I was respected as a little kid and they were respected as people that were coming into the country for just for work etc. And I that is something that has stuck in my mind forever and it I just wish it was there in everybody. Here were some of the maps that we were helping develop. We actually were working with the team at Lamont Lab up in north of New York City who were doing the cross the sea the surveys that were going on about earthquakes, about hotspots, about all of this. This was coming in and we were actually engaged with those scientists Sykes and all these people that were working on developing these models which now are just taken pretty much for granted. They those were underdevelopment when we my when Tom my husband and I were students and we were involved in actually helping develop those. One of the things that I when I was in university at Colombia, I was a I was a geologist. I was being trained as a geologist and a paleontologist. But I didn't feel like I knew enough about the modern world other than the farms in California and some of the eastern Appalachian areas etc. And maybe a few of the places in Wyoming and c in the deserts of the central US. And there came an opportunity. And this is another thing I would put out. Just keep your eye out for opportunity. It may be odd. It may be you may get an idea that maybe you're not qualified to do it or you're not going to be allowed. But here again, there was an ad that went out by a group that was working in Costa Rica, which is a Central American country, on having a two-month course down there, and there were only 20 people going to be picked from around the United States. And I was told by many people, you don't have a chance. You just don't have a chance. Well, what happened was I used the term I'm a paleontologist and there was nobody else that applied that was a paleontologist. Most everybody in it were really modern biologists. So I got in and it was really as it said a mind expansion for me to understand the modern world and I ended up publishing a couple of papers with one of my professors on pollination biology and looking at how plants and animals develop co-evolved systems. One of them was fantastic because it was this little hummingbird that kept flying around all over the place and we were trying to figure out what this hummingbird did for a living. And so I was given one project to go and sit by this plant which I sat by for a week before I figured out what was going on. And what would happen is this plant was nice and green. But when it started to bloom, the flower itself turned very the leaves outside the flower started to have get red spots on them. And as those red spots got redder and redder, the little hummingbird would come around and say, "Aha, underneath there is a flower and it's got some it's got some juice in it that I want to get. , and I'll go in there and get some of that juice. " But as it was getting the juice, it got some pollen knocked on the front of its head. And so then it went to the next plant. And so it was pollinating. And that was a system that must have developed over millions of years. And as a student and studying the divi the ver the biodiversity there that led to a paper and an understanding of something that nobody had understood before. So if you get an opportunity to do something that may seem impossible or that may seem like maybe only on the edge of what you're interested in, think about it and don't be discouraged by people saying, "Oh, maybe you probably won't get it. " Because that's not necessarily. And this was Costa Rica. I did a lot of other things down there. Learned a lot of things from people, the guide that was driving the ox cart. , I got enough Spanish that I could speak with some of the folks and I learned all about their history and I learned I just learned so much in two months that I really look at it. And this is just us flying in a DC3 and the pilot on that plane who dropped us down in southern Costa Rica said, "Get everything out of this plane. Nobody goes back with me. The only way I'm going to get off this airirstrip is to have the plane as light as possible. And another time, , one of my colleagues and I decided we wanted to go across the Panameanian border. We wanted to see how the vegetation changed. The only way we could get across was on horseback. So, we managed to rent a horse for a bottle of rum. And we spent two days going and taking making maps of the area that we were working in to the southern part of Costa Rica across into Panama. And also there was a geologist on our team and we went and looked at all of the geological phenomenon around there. Just a huge variety of life, a huge history of how that part of the world formed. You can imagine how much we gained. And this was the paper that we published showing hummingbird seeing the red spots and knowing it was time to go and get his juice and also pollinate. The next thing that happened when I went to I started working on puzzles from central Australia when I was at Berkeley and I started working under a man by the name of Ruben Arthur Sturin and unfortunately he died while I was still his student and I went to another professor at Berkeley and unfortunately he didn't ma he didn't last so I was beginning to think I was bad luck. However, I was allowed to take all of the material of the fossil birds that Stern had collected in the 50s and 60s and take it to the museum in the at the American Museum of Natural History. And that was my PhD thesis and it led me to Australia. That was the first time that I came to Australia and I decided I wanted to stay. So we Tom and I both were able to come on an expedition in the very early '7s to go to the localities where some of this material had been found in South Australia, in Queensland and places like that. And that really just turned my interest on this beautiful, beautiful country and the material that it had. Here is Sturton on the right in his expeditions in the 50s with the South Australian Museum. And the man sitting standing sit well crouching next to him is a guy called Paul Lawson. Paul Lawson is still alive. He's 103 and we just published a paper with him about two years ago. So he has had a long history in working on the paleontology of this country. And what was so interesting when I did this thesis was it the desert above is what it's like today, but 20 million years ago it was like that in central Australia. And that's what came out of my work on the fossil plants and on the birds in particular. And we found so much stuff. It was just mindb boggling what hadn't been found and what hadn't been reported. And so u 20 million years ago there were flu well as little as two million years ago there were flamingos all over the place here in Australia. Now they're gone. The big bird on the bottom there is a thing called a drummerid and those birds were dominant herbivores. All of that stuff that was the discoveries and just to find something and be able to report on it and think about it is amazing. And how you communicate that then which is what I'm talking about is you there's many different ways. One of the ways of one of the big lizards that we found was to put together exhibitions and to have the scientists deeply involved in putting the exhibition together the kids obviously they are fascinated with it. And so then you start asking the kids to think about well why the teeth and does it have permanent teeth? And there's just all sorts of questions that you can ask people, kids, everybody to think about when they see some of these discoveries. We've also, Tom and I both have been so lucky to work with Peter Trustler who is an artist who did a Ph did a PhD with me. , and artwork is absolutely gripping. , you might get something in the fossil record that, you know, is a bit of this and a bit of that. You know, you might have a leg and you might have some teeth and you might have some vertebrae. And by aligning that with something that's as close in the living world as you can with this thing in the past and then putting together a reconstruction you grab people's attention you get an they get an idea that you can talk in words but if you have a really good photographic reconstruction almost that helps a lot well one of the things that I became interested in again which led to a lot of science communications led to exhibition that I put on up in so up to New Guinea and you take a boat and you take it across to Java, you find the biota on both sides of what's now as many names, but one of them is Wallace's line is so different and yet they're so close. And so this was another area that I got interested in. And again, it led to so much science communication, science communication with the kids in Sowak, science communication with the kids in Southeast Asia and Singapore, exhibitions, educational materials, and just talking to people on the street in all of these places. Talking about Alfred Russell Wallace who was the man who discovered this difference really across that very small bit of water. He is this focus of trying to get people to think about how the world has changed over time and the again because of our experience my experience at UC Berkeley at the very end of my time there and at the American Museum and Colombia just at that time we were beginning to understand why they're so close and yet so different because Australia of course has not been where it is today all of its life. So it was continental drift and that explained a lot of this and just being alive during this transition in thinking really again drove home what I tried to drive home to people is that things can change interpretations can change. If you've got the evidence to show that change, then use it and use it wisely and explain it in a way that individual people that you're working with can understand. Okay. So that's gives you an idea of the background that I had. And so on from there, I had the background in plate tectonics. I had the background in what understood. I had the background in modern biology, modern systems in tropical areas of the world etc. And then after having come to Australia that first time, I decided that's where I wanted to be. And fortunately, I was Tom when I came down on a fullbrite and Tom came down without a job. There was a job at the Museum Victoria and it he applied it and he got it. And so for three years we commuted back and forth between the US and Australia and we had long decided that we were going wanted to stay in Australia. So, I decided I'd just give up my job and I take up a part-time job at MES. And that's what I did. I didn't I gave up a full-time very well paid job in Texas and I was head of the science teaching etc. But my feeling was that again my love of understanding what was going on what had gone on in Australia over the last oh at that time only a hundred million years. That was more important than money. It was more important than position and fortunately we had the we had the Tom had a job so at least one of us had a job and then after a while and we were settled and I had a part-time job and Tom had a part-time job we thought well it's time for kids and so that's when we had our two kids over a period of eight years we were very lucky because we could take the kids with us in the field and there wasn't all the paperwork and there wasn't all the things that you have to go through now to do something like that. And I just wish that those kinds of rules could get a little bit more sensible than some of them are these days because our kids absolutely learned so very much from just being in the field from the time they were three months old. I mean, and they were safe and they were they were they had full-time in the dinosaurs of Victoria and that is dinosaur cove down in the arts was one of the places that we spent a fair few years in the 70s and 80s. , this is a little bit difficult. Bringing stuff out of Dinosaur Cove was we finally got a flying fox set up, but dinosaurs along the South Victorian coast are fairly unique. They're polar. , and that claw in the upper leftand corner was the first dinosaur that was ever found in Australia and it was found around Eagle's Nest. We are still working there after 40 plus years. Now, this is just a picture of the kids and us in the field. Lee Allen is our daughter is in the pink and Tim is wrapped up with his head and Lee Ellen's best friend who is now a very high level technician at ME Relle. Was these we had them in the field with us which was fantastic. Underground work at Dinosaur Cove was it was challenging and we managed to do it safely without any incidents and we found this little skeleton of a that little dinosaur there which we named after our daughter Leelinosaura. And also the species name is Amicographica because the friends of the museum Victoria and the National Geographic Society were great supporters of this work and made it possible. So what we found there was basically polar dinosaurs. We've got the greatest biodiversity of polar dinosaurs anywhere on the planet and we're still we're still working it. And not only dinosaurs but also other things. One of them is named after Quantosaurus. And one of the reasons we named Quantosaurus because they helped us with a major expedition exhibition that came to Australia in 93 called the Great Russian Dinosaur Exhibition. And that in itself generated significant funds for research in Russia as well as here in Australia. And those dinosaurs that we found have been honored by a stamp issue that came out also in 93 by Australia Post and the two people who are perpetrators or not perpetrators but honored by the dinosaurs. Lee Ellen when she was little and Leelinosaurus Skull, Tim when he was little and Tomus. But Tomimus' identity has changed from what he's holding in his hand to something that's more like T-Rex. And so it was so wellreceived that Russian dinosaur exhibition we had the cover of Time magazine with our dinosaurs from Australia but also major coverage of the Russian dinosaur exhibition. That exhibition in 93 brought in $500,000 just in its tour around Australia, half of which was shared with the Russians. And it got the Russian Alonological Institute through a very difficult time when things were changing from the Russian Feder to the Russian Federation from the USSR. So there's all kinds of responses out of that area that we had the dinosaurs. We weren't getting much in the way of mammals and so we continued prospecting and over in the area around Invalok we f started finding some of the mammals that lived with the dinosaurs 130 million years ago and this is just some you can see how big this one is. There's one that we've now found that is not as long as a fingernail. So it's about half the size of that one. Those are rather difficult to find and they're we're still finding them. Okay. So my early ed is just a as a comment. My early education that I've talked to you about led me to be able to critically think because people treated me like a colleague. They didn't treat me like a quotes child or a stupid or unintellig being. It doesn't matter what your background is. If you can learn to look at things and think about them, discuss them civily with other people, which was the case of my parents and my kindergarten teacher and my, you know, and my primary and secondary teachers in universities, university professors, all of that was there. And I can only remember one teacher that my daughter had that said something to me that really needed to be corrected. And he said to her, "Oh, she's doing pretty well in mathematics for a girl. " And I looked at him and I said, "What difference does girl or boy make? They're either doing a interesting job in mathematics or they're not. So get over it. " , and so trying to instill a curious mind in anyone it gives you a chance to pursue ideas and to be interested in what you're doing. And you can talk to I at least I can I can talk to anybody. Today I was at the hospital with my husband and there was a man who came in his background was in Kolkata and I started him about dinosaurs and he was fascinated and he understood what I was talking about vegetation people can understand that 5-year-olds can understand it so that's why it's important I think I might go on now for about another five or six minutes and then I'm going to cut it off because I could talk for another 30 minutes but I think I'd rather take some questions. So I'll talk a little bit more a few different ways of communicating science funding and traveling exhibitions international joint ventures with research colleagues and they are a fantastic mode of communication. I have found that you can find people interested particularly in our polar dinosaurs, but I've done work with the Russians. I've done work with the with people all over the world. And as I said in the se in the n early 90s and even in the 80s I was working with colleagues in both China and Russia. And again I just remember the my interaction. We brought an exhibition called dinosaurs from China to Australia and this was my husband working on this as well. Is that it at the time when I made my first contact in China again it was a time when China was just coming out of the dark and we had a postcard that came to us from one of the scientists there saying we're okay and we're looking to try and do some things with colleagues. So I wrote to the prime minister. Now I was just a beginning lecturer at me but I wrote to the prime minister and I said I want to go to China because we need to make connection with these people. And I got a letter back from the prime minister that said fine where do you want to go? So again don't let people tell you can't do something and do it nicely but anyway. So this was the dinosaurs from China that came here and it was an absolute success and it brought in money for the National Museum of Victoria. They brought in money from the Chinese. It allowed us to make casts of the of dinosaur material from China. You go into Museum Victoria and go to the dinosaur walk and you're going to find there's a beautiful set of casts from the Chinese dinosaurs and also from the Russian dinosaurs that we organized with them and were able to do it simply by co cooperating with colleagues and it was a way of raising money. It was a way of communicating. When I first went to China in 1979, it was a little different. , this is this is in November of 1979. That is the total number of flights in and out of the Beijing airport when I went. So, you can see that it was an interesting time. And , one of the places I wanted to go was into a mine that was in central China where they were getting skeletons of , mammals that were about 20 million years old. And I was able to visit these places simply by asking and that and at work and out of that came another way of communicating science at a at a educational level. But even this has been used in schools. It was a dictionary a Chinese English Chinese dictionary of vertebra paleo terms. We expanded that to include paleontology all paleontology and geology and that was published in two volumes and I was able to communicate with people in several parts of China and get the get the translations and this allowed papers to be translated more communication and it allowed communication between different groups. So this was another way and this was the Russian the Russian dinosaur and relatives exhibitions. Again this is Russia in 1992. We were able to sign contracts very simply. We went there in May of 1993. We sat down at a table with the people at theological institute. We discussed them. We came up with a very simple contract. And in August 1993, we opened an exhibition at the museum, Museum Victoria. And that traveled around Australia. It traveled to the United States and a cast of it traveled to Argentina. We were able I was able to organize all of that. And it was because of the communication between the scientists and also the paper pushers at that time were very much more simple building museums. And I think I'll do this and we'll stop after this because it's gonna we need to have some time for talk for questions. , exhibitions, traveling exhibitions are one really good way of communicating science with everybody. And they aren't just exhibitions that have a bunch of stuff on display, but they include educational materials, they include lectures, they include depending upon where you are, you can have little field trips and so on and so forth. One of the things that came out of this is I was very interested in building a center in Melbourne that really concentrated on science communication and it was to be run by researchers who were doing the research and engaging other researchers. And so the out of this came the ME science center and that lasted from 90 from the beginning of 93 through to 2012 and after that it had to change and it is now that facility is now based at Swinburn. David Atenboroough is our patron and so that was a center that concentrated the knowledge of research scientists from all over the place not just from me but from all around Australia from our people overseas that were cooperating with us. And we presented things at different levels. I mean the stamp issues were one of them. Education kits were another. Field trips and so forth. There were many different ways to communicate science. I built a building on the MES campus which is still there and David was there right at the very end of when we were able to occupy that building and this was what was inside for the first exhibition that was all about the history of life and we did all kinds of things there. We still do these are some of the classroom lessons. We have what are called weekend warriors and other groups of kids that come around. These are kids that go out to schools. I mean, there's all manner of things and all manner of different kinds of topics that we cover. This was an exhibition that we put on natural disasters. , and we work with we work with people all around the world. This is another museum that I work with in Argentina. And we this is one of our traveling exhibitions that went to that museum to again in Buenosares one of the exhibitions. Two purposes communicate and to make some money so that we can pay for the communication programs and we had field trips there and again Peter Trussler was crafting some of the material that we found and again another form of communication. Now I'm going to stop there. There's I could go on again a bit, but we have programs in Afghanistan which at the moment are a little bit under stress. , but we'll just have to stop with that. And I hope if I go right to the very end of this, there is a thing that I would like to put on a program in Indonesia and this is Argentina and Russia and Africa. We're almost there. I want to get sorry about this. >> No worries. >> Okay. Lessons. Intellectual curiosity should be subsidized from the moment a child is born for life. People should be nurtured to follow their dreams. Quality should never be compromised. And George Washington was absolutely right. There's nothing which can better deserve our patronage than the promotion of science and literature. Knowledge is in every country the shest basis of public happiness. So I'll end with that. >> Thank you very much Patricia. I'm here to listen to you and every time I listen to you even though some of this story up you know ahead from you still it's fascinating and it's for me it's very do you know I believe the passion and the c curiosity it's something that it takes you and leads you towards what is you're going to explore that exciting moments of your life when you're going to explore something and how you can come across some you know I think the right people the right time and mentors to share this knowledge with others and that fulfilling and how this can help you and to support the community I guess now we are living in the world that it's more than ever we need the right information people overwhelmed with too many of information they don't know what is correct what is not. So I guess this is the role of our all of these science graduate to act as a science communicator and make sure that we share the right message. And we can start from the community from the street from your neighbors from your grandmother and fathers. So everything so just let them to know what is happening. So I guess now we are open to the questions and maybe if you want you can type in the chat or I don't know if I can find it in the Q&A. So I don't know I'm just trying to I guess I start with my question Patricia. Every time >> you talk about all of these diverse communication that you had from the ch with the child to politicians to do something. It was interesting for me how you come across these gaps like you try to adjust your you know your action in the right time with the right people to do something that it's beneficial for you for a team and for the countries and the community. So what do you think that it make you do you know successful to identify the gap and find the right people or right do you know what is the mystery >> I think one of the things I like to do is when I meet anybody anywhere I just start talking to them and try to find out where they're from what their interests are and those sorts of things and so it builds it builds a some information to know whether are some of the things that I'm interested in they might be interested in and there might be possibilities. I also I watch the news and I see what people are doing and it's sort of like our work in Afghanistan. Right now it's a little bit dicey but in the past what we have done there is we saw that the kids needed some educational materials and we put together and we knew we know that kids really like animals and so we put a thing together called animals of the world for them which had a lot of u a lot of Afghani animals but also animals in different bi biological areas or and there was information in it not just about the animals but about conservation and about working together and all those kinds of things. So, you bring those messages in, but it's I think it's just keeping your eye to the ground about what the opportunities are. >> Watching the news is one of them, but also talking to people that's how I, you know, I decide. >> Yeah. Like for instance the China thing that I talked about that what really set that off was of course many of us scientists were concerned about people that in China and how science was going and so we got a postcard in 1977 from one of the top scientists there a paleontologist and so we could tell there was an opportunity to do something and so that's what we did. You have to look for the opportunities as well as what you decide. I guess now with this current situation in compar with past so we have an opportunity but sometimes we lose the and like the amount the number of connection and networking and the way that you focus your focus is very important your mentor. So you need to find your direction and your vision and try to just you know work with someone who can take you to the point that you would like to achieve. There are some questions in the chat room that I want to share with you. Anthony he's asking from your do you know you as a scientist with the working with the team with the fossils how you are going to transport these fossils from the site to the museum what are the process and also Bony is asking what is your advice for communication in an effective and engaging way. Well, the first one it depends upon where you're working. On the fossils, I mean, sometimes you just take moles of the fossils. I mean, if I if I'm working here in Australia, what we do is we have a team, a volunteer team, and we and we're prospecting constantly and when something is found, I get called in and or one of my representatives gets called in, we decide if we need to take them out and all of them go to museums. We don't we prepare them, we look after them, but they need to go in museums because otherwise they'll be lost. If they're footprints and things like that, we make molds of them. Because if you try to take footprints out, you generally end up destroying the footprints. So you take make a mold and then you make a cast of it. Now the other question was >> the effective communication and engaging and the communication in an effective and engaging way. What is your advice? I think you have to first understand who you're trying to communicate with. If you're trying to communicate with a 5-year-old or you're trying to communicate with a bank boss or you're trying to communicate with a p with a politician, you need to understand something about their background. And one of the ways that I find is just talking to people. , and I mean it's hard if they're really top level people, but you know, talk to a kid like when I used to talk to the guys that were picking grapes in our field. I would we could sort of talk to each other in what I called Spanglish. It was Spanish and English and to find out, you know, , what their background is and what they're interested in. And then you work on trying to, you know, communicate knowing their background. I you can't use the same communication everywhere. All right. >> One humorous way was one of the guys that I worked with in Russia, Andre Avansov, who's really a really good prospector that I work with in Africa and Russia. And he didn't speak a word of English and I didn't speak very much Russian. And so we developed a sign language. We actually know a few words in each other's language. But I think if people trust you, if you make the connection and if they trust you and they know that you have a knowledge and which can then trust. So they are looking for more evidences to make sure that they understand and of course that is the that is how we are going to initiate the connection and the conversation. So there is another question is hi Patricia is the political climate now better or is it harder than it once was as far as going into other countries to explore. So >> I think the most important thing there is to have a colleague in the other country. I don't work in any country unless I have a local colleague. And so, you know, I work in Namibia. I have friends and colleagues there. I work in Saudi Arabia and the same thing. I have colleagues in the Geological Survey. I work in Iran and all of these places. You need a colleague that is a local. I would never go into a country as an independent and do anything. And I always if I do go into those places, I want some benefit for them. I would like them to benefit from that kind of a you know like their museum gets material and I share material from my sites etc. So really it depends on having that local that local connection. It's really important. >> All right. So I guess you talk about the exhibition and the number of the exhibition that run and I believe you're in contact with the museum. So these are the best places that they can communicate our science with the you know with the community. I think what are the process where you want to contribute or help support organizing an exhibition? What are the process? They vary completely. I mean, I just remember, let's take the Russian dinosaur, the great Russian dinosaur exhibition. I went to a meeting in Kyoto in 1992 and I gave a lecture on science communication and I met Alexi Rosenoff who was a director of the pelonological institute over a cup of coffee and he said you really need to go and look at my exhibition that I have up in up in Tokyo. So I went up there and looked at it. It was fantastic exhibition that had not only dinosaurs but a lot of other things. So I came back to Tokyo to Kyoto and had another cup of coffee and said to him, "Can we travel this exhibition in Australia? " And he said, "Well, maybe. " And so five months later, I get a telegram from Russia saying, "Can you be in Russia in May to negotiate a contract? " It was that simple. And one of the reasons it was that simple was because Russia at that time was making the transition from the Russian Federation to the Russian Federation from the USSR and they were really pressed for money. I think that the institute that he was the director of at that time would have had a very difficult time surviving if we hadn't traveled that. So they're going to be different instances different times. That happened to be and always it's not the money I'm after for me. I have no interest in being a millionaire. I have no interest in money personally. What I want is the money to be used for ex for science education for teaching kids. I'm just not money is not something high on my list. Growing up on a farm was great because we had to live on we really had to live very simply and we exchanged things. For instance, we had rabbits and we gave rabbits to somebody and they gave us some milk. We had trees. We had fruit trees and we had people who came in and brought their bees in to use our fruit trees. It was an exchange environment and that's the kind of background I've got and that's the kind of way I feel about it. I you need to do something you love. You don't need to quite as for me I've never really thought about career. I've never thought about how I'm gonna do it. I want to do something and I want to contribute to the community I live in. >> So Patricia talking about the art of delivery and I guess this is one of the task actually later on in this unit we have and in fact the first workshop along with the STEM infographic is this Thursday at 4:30. So we have a panel discussion with the students leaders and we are going to discuss about sustainability and we are talking about women in STEM and we are talking about what needs you know to be considered how we are going to communicate in future. So you were here to listen to Patricia talking about all of this science communication but things change still the curiosity and the passion the men right mentors acting talking with the people is the fundamental way that you're going to communicate but I think there are something like technology look at this u the meeting that we are running now so we were not able to be in the lecture so that's why we are using this zoomed meeting. So there are some techniques is required. There are some jobs is coming in future that they need to be considered. So, I guess I really encourage everyone to come on our meeting on Thursday 4:30 p. M. So but I guess the question from Natasha is so your do you know your science study about the dinosaurs and the paleontology is the way that you can use of the art to represent your science when it comes to the chemistry or some other aspects of the science especially because now I'm talking about visual data visualization we are talking about stem infog graphic. How do you think that Patricia this art of delivery and this visual files can be considered in the other aspects of the science? >> I think and some of the things I've seen with some of my presenters with chemistry, they actually draw up the structure of some of these of the chemical compounds. And I've seen them done in multicolors for young kids and they love it. I mean sewing showing what the what a molecule of NaCCl looks like. I mean you can use that kind of visualization in that way. I mean it's different and yes we're very lucky that we have things that people recognize but you know looking well look at the picture on the back of the ABC of the virus and how the virus is constantly changing and things like that. Those kinds of pictures you can use that kind of thing to communicate depending upon what you know level you're communicating. So visualization can be used in a different kind of manner but it still can be used. >> Exactly. Again I just want to emphasize following what just Patricia mentioned we have a workshop on Thursday which is going to be followed by the second work which is about Adobe Illustrator. We have some training for you to convert your science. Of course, we are talking about the data. We are talking about the scientific fact that needs to be converted and use of the technology to do you know make it do you know for the data visualization. So we have a workshop for data visualization which is coming. So I am going to share the link for this workshop which is coming on Thursday and the time is 4:30 p. M. So I guess considering the time we have to close this meeting again I really appreciate Patricia for your time. And I hope that everyone enjoy listening to your storytelling science communication. I guess for whatever is your STEM passion or your research if you bring that personality and that kind of storytelling that is success to be engaged and to inspire the audience. So they would like to know more and that is the way that they are going to trust and you have a connection. So thank you very much everyone. I think that is it for today and we are going to stop the recording and yeah I think >> byebye. >> Thank you very much I guess and thank you very much Janet for supporting us with this zoom meeting and for everyone who was here today.