# VIDEO: Workshop 3  Pitching a Business (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

The second session we are going to have we have Mike here to do you know get us I know that we are coming from if you're coming from like I'm coming from the science I'm not I'm not really good with the business but you might have an innovative idea you might have a very innovative design and mobile application so that's why we try in the design for change it's a stem prototyping it's the if you have a design solution that you want to pitch to the investors and make sure that convince them that this is a great idea. So I guess Mike is here. I let him to introduce himself and we this is the second session. So workshop three as part of the design for change 2022 and welcome Mike. >> Hello. Hello. Thank you for the introduction VA. , it's great to be here. Are we good to go or are we waiting for anyone else? >> It's good to go. So, we are going to record this session and it's going to be shared with the students. >> Awesome. Awesome. That's great. That's great. , so it's great for everyone who will get a chance to actually see this. , just shared my screen. I hope you can see it as well. First of all thanks for the invite beta really appreciate it. For everyone who's who's attending this class I think beta took a big risk by inviting me not knowing much about me and hoping that I won't ruin her presentation in her class. , and the reality is that I'll that I'll make I'll shake things up a bit and I'll and I'll put it in a totally different perspective than what you're probably expecting, data. , and I'll focus a lot more on the real life stuff. , that's more or less because I feel like that's what's going to give you the most value. So, a bit of background on myself. Was born in Romania, moved to Australia, I don't know, more than half of my life ago. , went to uni, went to school, went to masters, everything with Swinburn. , loved it and that genuinely changed my life. , started off in IT and then moved over to a bunch of other businesses. Long story short, so I don't bore you with it. I've made millions. I spend millions. I get business ideas pitched at me pretty much every week. , and they come from all areas and I don't discriminate in any way, shape or form where that idea comes from and where that idea is going. , always keep your options open from or my options open from that point of view. Now, , let's see. I have two questions over there and you know I was I was actually talking to a friend the other day. How would how would your life look like? Like genuinely think about this, right? How would your life look like if you're in the top 10% of people in the world? And by top 10% I mean lifestyle. I mean money. I mean everything. Everything. Wealth. Everything. And statistically speaking, it's really interesting because statistically speaking, the fact that we live in and not even 10% of the people in the world currently, I mean 10% of the people that ever lived like ever, right? Statistically speaking, the simple fact that you're in Australia, you're alive, you know, you live in this and with COVID with everything with Ukraine and Russia with all of this, you're the simple fact that you're in Australia and your university in Australia, you're in the top 10% of people in the world. So just it's it's it's like mindboggling that simple statistic. And that 1%, you know what? Statistically speaking, you need to make about $80,000 a year for you to be in the top 1% of people in the world. It's just insane. It's just insane. It's it's it's something that I think everyone should think about and you should really reflect on that. And that will take me to the actual presentation and so on. , everyone wants to be an entrepreneur because it's a it's a really sexy thing these days. Everyone is preaching about it. There's so many Tik Toks, Instagrams, you know, Facebook posts, Twitter, and whatever, you know, showing you a lifestyle that everyone just goes, "Oh my god, I want that lifestyle. " And, "Oh my god, it's just insane. " But the reality is that it's not necessarily the best thing. And you really need to be brutally honest with yourself and know exactly what is your why and what you're trying to achieve. And it's so hard and it's I got so annoyed at this question early on in life because I just didn't understand it. But again, statistically speaking, 90% of entrepreneurs will make significantly less than the top 100, 200 employees that come on Wolf Bank. And that's a fact, right? You don't need to be an entrepreneur to make a lot of money, to have a really nice lifestyle, to live the life that you want. So, if you're in it after the money, it's not necessarily the best option. It needs to be the thing that you like to do, right? You can be an employee. You can be the 100 employee at Apple or at Commonwealth Bank or at whatever other big company that you can think of and you can have such a significantly better lifestyle than entrepreneurs, any kind of entrepreneur. So, if you're trying to pitch an idea, if you're trying to build something, if you're trying to think about why you're doing it, are you actually doing it because you want to or is someone else pushing you into doing it? Right. And again the world these days the way it's structured and the way you know the society works you get a lot of pressure either if it's direct or indirect but you do get a lot of pressure and especially from your family. Your family always pushes you to do stuff right they try to convince you to go towards one particular career option or pick a particular partner or whatever it is. But you need to try and focus on yourself and you need to be brutally honest with you and focus on what you want to do and it's really hard with so much noise around and I'll tell you a quick story there's a guy in US Mark Lori amazing guy I'll just make this I know a 45 minutes you said right I'll try and make this as quickly as possible but guy Mark Lori in US he started up this diaper company he was just simply selling diapers. He would go to Costco and Woolwarts and whatever other stores they would have in US. He would go with his van. He would take all the diapers on their shelves. He would load them up in his van, buy them at, let's say, $1 per diaper, and then sell them on his website at 90 cents per diaper. So, he was losing 10 cents per diaper. He was trying to build a business where he would get people to go on his website and especially because he had the cheapest diapers around. He would lose money on the diapers. But what he realized is that once people would go on his website, people would actually buy other products as well. So he's making a lot of money on all of the other products. Anyway, long story short, this guy turned the business to something insane. He built a multi-million dollar business out of this. , and it got to the point where Costco would just tell him, "Look, we don't want to give you any more diapers. " And he went, "Well, it sucks for you guys. You can get me in touch with Johnson and Johnson , and get them to sell me diapers. " So, these guys at Costco went to Johnson and Johnson. Johnson and Johnson said, "Look, we don't believe in this business model. We think this guy is too small. We're not going to sell to him. " So what this guy Mark did, he went to even more Costco and Woolworth stores and he bought all of their diapers until the point where Costco just went, "Oh my god, this guy is just killing our business. All of our customers come to us and we can't buy diapers. " So eventually he got them to get in touch with Johnson and Johnson and Johnson and Johnson sold him diapers directly. Anyway, again, he sold his business for $200 million. This guy went over from there to build a bunch of other multi-million dollar companies. He's donating to charity millions of dollars a year and so on. This seems like the totally different universe and a totally different like lifestyle in person and whatever, but a guy called Simon Synynic met with Mark a few years back and they just started chatting. And Mark says, "Look, I'm actually pretty depressed. I don't really feel well. I'm not too happy with what I've achieved in life and so on. And Simon goes, "Well, what why is that? I mean, look at you. You've built you have a $200 million business. You have, you know, donating to charity. Your family is healthy. Everyone's happy and so on. " And he said, "Well, I just realized that compared to my college roommate, I haven't done much. " And someone said, "Well, who's your college roommate? " and he said, "Well, it's Elon Musk. " So, always try to compare to yourself. That's my point when I go to the solar show. Always try to compare to yourself. Always try to be better than yourself. Don't try to please other people. Don't try to do things because other people are doing it or because other people are trying to convince you to do it and so on. Focus on yourself and make sure that you do what you do because you want to do it. It's super important. , when you go into business, when you build an idea, when you build an app, when you build a service, when you build a product, a physical product, whatever it may be, you want to make sure that you do it for the right reasons for you. It will always pay back. It will always come back to you and it will always be paid back tenfold to you if you do it for the right reasons for you, right? Yes. Of course, it also helps if you do it for the right like moral reasons and so on. That definitely helps, but they need to be the right reasons for you, right? And again, I'll I'll go to a quick story. , guy called Bob Chapman. , probably not a lot of you have heard about him. He runs this big steel company in the US. And when the when the 2007 GFC hit and everyone had big problems and all that and they had to do massive layoffs and they had to fire a lot of people and just try and figure out how the business would survive and so on. The board of directors went to Bob Chapman who was the CEO and managing director of the steel company and they said well we need to fire 30% of the people in the company because otherwise we wouldn't survive. So Bob being the guy that he is and I recommend I encourage you to try and read his book and to try and find out more about him. He's just an amazing person. He thought well this is not who I am. This is not what I want this to be about and I generally don't don't want to do it. So after weeks of struggling and sleepless nights and trying to figure out what to do, Bob came up with an idea. He it's actually something implemented many years ago. It's called the Furlow program. So what the furlow program does is and what he actually did was so he went to the board of directors. These guys agreed to the furlow program and then he went to pitch it to the people and it's all about the way he pitched it. It's all about him knowing his audience and him understanding how to pitch his idea. Think about it. Everyone was potentially looking at losing 30% of their colleagues. Everyone from the lowest level to the highest level. No discrimination when it comes down to the company surviving. When it comes down to survival companies will do absolutely anything to survive right so presenting it's it's really important furlow program he went to these guys and said look I genuinely don't believe in headc count he believes in heart count he knew the people that were working there he knew their families he knew their lives he knew all of this so he wanted to appeal to that so he went in front of all of his employees. And he said this, I believe he had over 5,000 employees. So, it's a massive headcount. Imagine laying off even 1,000 people. It's just like they would go home and not be able to provide for their families in one of the worst times of their lives. So, he went in front of his company and he said, "Look, rather than a few of us suffering a lot, I would prefer that all of us suffer a bit. " So, he implemented the furlow program. The furlow program means everyone in the company from the lowest level to the highest level needs to take four weeks of yeah four weeks of unpaid leave throughout the year. It doesn't matter when you take it how you take it. You need to take four weeks of unpaid leave throughout the year. And what he did was he went a step even further. So he said if you can afford it but your colleague can't, you can swap. So something amazing happened. People that could afford it more because they were in a more stable financial relationship, they would trade with people that could afford it less because they had mortgages because they had families because they had people they needed to take care of, right? So all of a sudden you get people that would get eight weeks of unpaid leave and people that wouldn't get any days of unpaid leave. And that way they survived and they thrived through the GFC. And as soon as the GFC ended and business started ramping up again, he was the only company that had all of the employees and all of the workshops and everything already set up and running and he just went full steam ahead. He gained like 80% market share just out of the sheer fact that he was already positioned there and he already took care of his team. Imagine the chemistry and the bond that created in between the employees and the company. Those guys would go on to everyone and anyone. Imagine the talent that he drew to the company by the simple fact that people knew that they were being taken care of. So he did it for the right reasons. He did it for the right reasons for himself, but he also did it for the right reasons morally. So it genuinely matters this thing and it's at such a big level that you can't really relate. But if you take the time to study it and understand it and understand the principles behind it and why these things matter, it will help you even at a micro scale. Even at that when you don't have any money in your pocket, you don't have enough money to even cross the street and you're trying to figure out how to put up your business and how to start even making $1 of profit. You need to do it for the right reasons. You need to know your why and you need to make sure that it's your why and it's not someone else's why. I stress about this so much because it is incredibly important. Incredibly important. And this I guess ties into a lot of people thinking that their why is the money. A lot of people do it because they want the lifestyle. They want to, you know, buy an iPhone. They want to buy the latest version of a Mac. They want to go on an expensive holiday. They want to, I don't know, buy a car, buy a Porsche, buy whatever. But I'll tell you what, the quickest way to not own the Porsche company is to buy a Porsche. All right? You really need to be calculated with your expenses. You need to be focused on what's important to you. If you buy things and you go and do things because they look sexy and because other people do it and because that creates an image around yourself that you can show off to others, it will not help your end goal. It is so hard. Again, it is so hard with social media and everything that is happening. It is so hard for you to focus on that and so easily to get distracted and go, "Oh, all of my friends got the new iPhone. I need to go and spend $2,000 and get the new iPhone. My friend has a Porsche. My friend has a Ferrari or whatever. Or my friend has I don't know X car or laptop or he goes on a holiday in Bali or in Maldives or whatever. No, those things genuinely don't matter. Genuinely do not matter. They only matter for the social kind of virtual world that we built for ourselves and virtual image and whatever and us trying to portray a certain image to our family, to our friends and so on. It needs to matter to you. If that's what truly matters to you, then do it. But if you're honest, if you're brutally honest to yourself, you realize that only a handful of things genuinely matter to you, genuinely make you happy. I realized a pretty long time ago that if I wake up in the morning and I'm okay, the first thing that matters, if I'm okay, so I can take care of others, that's a win. If the also if the five whatever six closest people to me are healthy and okay, then I consider that they a win. Everything else that comes after that, it's a bonus. It needs to be about the things that you genuinely care about and the things that you genuinely that genuinely matter, right? You need to focus on building your own dreams or someone else will hire you to build their dreams. It's hard and I'll say it again. You need to focus on building your own dreams. Otherwise, people will get you to build someone else's dream. And that and that is a fact. And that is a fact. It might be what you want. It might be that you're happy with having the 9to-5 and be stress free. And again, it's so sexy to be an entrepreneur these days that it's overlooked how important and how good that kind of lifestyle is, the nineto-ive lifestyle as well. So, be brutally honest. Don't wish it was easier. Wish you knew more. Wish you were more documented. Don't wish for less problems. Just wish you had more skills. And for that, you need to take the time and invest in yourself. Right? Sorry, I got distracted there for a bit, but this point number one, what is your why? It is so important that I would I would honestly spend the whole 45 minutes just on this, right? Don't get emotionally involved into things and be brutally honest when it comes to building up your building up a business. Building up yourself, building up yourself as a personality, as a professional, as a as an entrepreneur, regardless of where you start, it doesn't matter that you were born in India or China or Romania or whatever. It genuinely doesn't matter. The market does not care about that. It doesn't matter that you're born black or white or rich or poor. It does not matter. The market does not care about that. What matters is where you finish off and where you end up at. Right? That's all on you. That's 100% on you. And if you focus on that and if you focus on getting yourself better and if you focus on just learning what is important to you, then you will win. It doesn't matter that you'll have a million dollars. It doesn't matter that you'll have $10 million and so on. It genuinely does not matter. I know people that are that have $30 million in their bank account and they're miserable. They're genuinely miserable. I know people that have a nineto-five job. They're stressfree. They take two holidays a year and they enjoy their time with their families and they're a zillion times happier than the guy with 30 million in their bank account is. It is so important. And the sooner you realize that it's not about the money and it's about the stuff that genuinely matters to you and the stuff that makes you happy, it's gonna it's going to blow off your mind. It's going to reshape your universe. And in this day and age, you can make money out of everything. You love movies, you can make money out of just watching movies and posting YouTube videos on YouTube. You love, I don't know, bees, you can make money out of whatever. Again, making videos about bees or building a beehive or whatever, anything. You can make money out of anything. You love technology, you love traveling, you can go traveling, make videos about traveling, you'll make money out of that. I guarantee you, you can make money out of pretty much every hobby or thing that you can like or passion that you have. You just need to be really focused on it. And I'll give you an example. Let's say let's say we let's say you start ahead of me on whatever your passion is cars and you know everything about cars and you work in a mechanic shop or whatever this probably super not relevant for everyone in this course but I'll give it I'll give it to you as a super basic example. You work a nineto-five job and you're just focused on that. You get home and then you chill. You watch Netflix, you watch Lord of the Rings or whatever Game of Thrones, whatever suits, whatever TV show is cool these days, right? But and I'm two years behind you. Genuinely, I'm two years behind you in terms of experience, in terms of knowledge. I work the same job, but as soon as I get home, I spend another two hours learning about how to build a car, learning about combustion engines, learning about electric cars, learning about Tesla, learning about this, learning about new technologies and so on. At the end of the year, I would have had 365 days where I would have put two hours extra. That means about 700 hours. That genuinely in terms of work in terms of work volume that means an extra what about a few months extra I don't know a month is about 160 hours whatever that n 9 to5 is right so that's 700 hours that's about what five four five extra months that I will gain ahead of you and I'll be ahead of you just by simply doing that's sheer math it's not even like you the simple fact that I'll focus on improving myself and learning more things than you will in two three years I'll be ahead of you. It's simple math. Spend the time, invest in yourself, right? Sorry about my rant, but it really matters. Moving on to point number two. How can you add value? Whenever you're pitching an idea, whenever you're trying to build a product or a or a service, you need to think of how you can add value to your customers, how you can add value to your audience. Now, what is value? You say again, people tend to lose sight of this, but the harsh reality is that value always translates to time. Always translates into time. And if you stay and analyze it to the most granular level, you will realize that it translates into time. It is the absolutely only currency in the world that you cannot buy more of. You simply cannot buy more of. Everyone has 86,400 seconds in the day. Everyone, regardless if it's Jeff Bezos or Elon Musk or me or Beta or you, everyone has the same amount of time in the day. And at the end of that day, you know what? Someone made a pretty cool analogy. What would you do if you would get $86,400 every single day to spend it on whatever you want? What would you do with it? What would you do with it? How would you spend it? Right? Knowing that at the end of the day, whatever you haven't spent completely vanishes. You burn it out. You throw it out on the window. What would you do with that money? Ju just think about that analogy. How cool is that? What would you do with $86,400? I think everyone goes now, oh, oh my god. Well, I'll buy a car. I'll buy this. I'll buy that. I'll go on holiday. I'll do You'll do so many things. You're thinking of so many things that to invest that in or to, you know, buy stuff for yourself or do whatever. But you can think of so many things that you could do. Pay my debts, pay this, pay that, whatever. It's the same thing. It's the same thing in real life. Everyone gets the same amount of money time in the day. Doesn't matter who you are. You need to be wise about how you spend it. Going back, what is val? How can you add value? Value. What is value? Value translates into time. Everything that you do, everything that you offer, your service, your product, you need to tie back into how much time can it save that person or how or how can it give time to that person. As I said, you can't really give time. But if you give them if you give them if it makes them money or if it saves them time. Let's say you create a program that it saves them 10 minutes a day for not doing a manual task and you do it automatically, right? You do you build a service that checks something for the oceans and cleans the oceans and whatever that also anything and everything will translate into time. That buys more time for society to evolve and get past this consumer world that we're in. And resource-based economy that we're in right now. All of these things, they add value and value is time. You know, the fact that you create a product that makes a company more money, it still translates into time. More money for that company means that top level execs can have more money to spend more money with their families and spend more time with their families and they can spend more time on what they want and not have to worry about money and their extravagant lifestyles and whatever. They do it for the wrong reasons. It doesn't matter but it still translates to the same thing. It still translates to time. So you need to you need to focus on that. You really need to focus on what value is your idea adding how what value and on a smaller scale on a more I guess dynamic scale and more of a structural kind of scale let's say in your groups and in your teams. How can you add value to your group? How can you add, you know, benefits to them working with you and so on? And yes, you need to work in a group. You don't try to do everything for yourself. You can do anything in this world. This is really important. You can do anything in this world as long as you realize that you can't do everything. I'll say it again. You can do anything in this world. You set your mind to genuinely if you're 40 years old and you go into and you want to go into rocket science, you can do it. You can do it. If you put enough time and effort into it, you can do it. But you can't do everything. You can't go and build a rocket yourself and all of this. As long as soon as you realize that, then you'll be better off just by the simple fact that you realize you can do anything you want as long as you realize that you can't do everything. So you need a team around you. You need to learn to work in teams and beta is doing all of this great by the fact that you know it encourages you to work in teams and do team projects and so on. It is it's super important. You can't do everything yourself. It's it's what value can you add to your team? Think about it in this way. Look university is a great example right you will get to meet people. I think networking is the most overlooked as advantage of going to university. Yes, everyone's, you know, booing educational system right now because they're saying it's old and outdated and whatever, but everyone is ignoring this networking side of it, right? The benefit of you meeting people, getting to know people that are like-minded, that are of a certain educational standard, and people that you can use as context for future on in life. Like for me it mattered so much how I got my first job, how I got you know some of the first the first business that I started and this is a clear example. The first business that I started I started it with a friend that I met in uni again I didn't know how to do everything. I started a crypto company the absolutely first one I started crypto company I didn't know how to do crypto mining and so on. I knew the technical side of things but I didn't know how to sell. So in one of my classes I met a guy who knew how to sell. He was a working at a car dealership. He was great at selling stuff. So I got him on board. Then at one of my other classes all of them would sim one of my other classes I got to meet another guy who was really good at finance. So he did our accounting side of things. So I got to meet all of these people and I got to work with them and I added my own piece of value. I couldn't do everything but I knew that I was really good at this tech side of things, right? And this gave me a super big advantage because not a lot of people were good on tech and not a lot of people were willing to get their hands dirty and to learn all of this technical stuff about it and it was too complicated and whatever you're not good at that find someone who is focus on what you're good at and the value that you can add to your company to your team and that's again I'm talking about structure I'm not talking about the idea but you need to focus on how you can add value to your team and how you can add value to the business itself that you're trying to build, right? And then get someone else to help you with the other stuff. Now, how can you add value to your to the customer and to the marketplace? We already spoke about that. , sell or be sold. This is a concept that's again in this day and age, it's not so sexy. Yet everyone does it every single day in pretty much every single interaction that we have and you need to be honest about it. You might not like selling. You might sell a I don't like to be you know that the kind of sleazy car salesman guy or whatever. You don't like the idea of selling. You think it's hard. You think it's you know beneath you or whatever. The reality is every interaction of our lives it's sell or be sold. And that's the honest. Let me give you examples. You talking to your parents or your family about what you're going to eat tonight. You're trying to either sell them on the idea that you want Kungpow chicken or whatever, or they're trying to sell you on the idea that you should have whatever steak. You talking with your date about going to the movies. Either you're trying to convince her or him to go to the new Marvel movie or they're trying to convince you to go to a romantic comedy or whatever. It's sell or be sold. All of these interactions, it's sell or be sold. You go to the shops and you try and buy a type of bread, the companies are trying to convince you which type of bread to buy. They're trying to sell you something. When you're talking to someone, you're trying to sell them your idea, regardless of how basic it is, regardless of if you're talking to your friends about going to that this restaurant or that restaurant or going to this movie or that movie or whatever it is, trying to convince your friends to take the taxi or take a train or whatever. Every single interaction boils down to this. Even though it's not in a in a formal way that everyone defines sales at, it's still reality. You're you're practicing this day in day out. It's it's it's something that you do all the time and it's super important whenever you're building an idea, whenever you're trying to pitch something, you need to know how to sell. You if you if you don't know how to sell, you need to learn how to. And when I say you don't know how to sell is it's an understatement because everyone knows how to sell. You've been doing it all of your life. You just need to put it in a structured way about your business and focused on your idea and your topic. It's super important. You know it's and look I'll just go to the next slide. I don't I don't even know how much time there is. Oh sorry about that. I'll try it again. There we go. We have about so the time is we have about 20 minutes a mic 20 minutes >> and we might have some questions from the audience. >> I'll try and finish it a bit quicker then. >> No, don't worry. I guess we are listening to you sharing your experience. That's valuable. Thank you. >> No problem. No problem. So I'll just move on. I'll get back to that point in a bit. How do you pitch your business? And this comes down to actually doing it and I guess putting it into practice. And the most important thing is and you need to be brutally honest. Brutally honest. We'll take this exact situation that you're in right now. The fact that you need to do a presentation for VA in this particular class. You need to be brutal brut brutally honest and realize what the person that is evaluating you on or assessing you on is after. What are they after? What is he or she after? In this case, what is beta after? Right? You saw that she wanted I think in the structural from memory in that PDF that you presented to the students, you had content clarity and delivery, right? She gave you exactly the structure that she's after. You need to be brutally honest with yourself. Is she after, you know, an idea that will actually work? And is she after the finances? Is she after, you know, the granular the small crossing the dots, the te's and the eyes and so on. No, she's after that exact structure, right? And I'm not trying to say this as a as a bad way for Beta, but she doesn't really care about the finances. If the finances stack up or if you know, like you need to be brutally honest to yourself. What matters to them? What matters to the person, what matters to your audience, what matters to the to the people that you're presenting. If she says that these three things matter to her, content, clarity, and delivery, you focus on those three things and nothing else. Like it's just that's whatever she gave you as a structure. That's what matters for this particular assessment, right? And that's it. Don't focus on nothing else. Don't get emotionally involved and try to, you know, you need to be brutally honest when it comes to this kind of stuff. Right? Focus on what your audience wants. Know your audience. And I'll give you an example here. , everyone knows Nelson Mandela. Nelson Mandela is wherever you go in the world, Nelson Mandela is regarded as one of the greatest leaders of all times, right? And he was asked in one of his presentations, he was asked, "What got you to be such a good leader? What got you to be such a good role model and such an inspiration to basically everyone in the world regardless of the corner of the world that you come from? And he said a few things, but one of them that really stayed with me and I like engraved in my brain, he said when he was a kid, he used to go to tribal meetings. His dad was a chieftain in his local community and he used to go with his dad to these gatherings, these chieftain meetings, these leader meetings in the region. And he said two things. He said one, they would always sit in a circle. They would always try to make it equal regardless of if one of them was a small boss, the other one was a big leader, small leader, doesn't matter. If it was just a guy in the village, if he was present, they would all sit in a circle. They were all equal. That's thing number one. Thing number two, he would always be the last one to speak. It is so important. Let me give you an example. You go out into a room and you say, "Well, this is the problem. This is what I think. This is what I think we should do. What do you guys think? " If you go into a room like that and you pitch a problem and you pitch the your idea and how things should be done, then you will influence everyone else in that room. You will influence. If someone had an amazing idea, they might not say it because they think it's silly or they might not say it because they think, "Oh, his idea is better. Oh, it's easier to just go along with his take on it. " Practice being the last one to speak. Whenever you have a problem, whenever you're dealing in a team, whenever you're working in a team environment, try to let the other speak and be the last one. It's so hard yet it is so important. Practice being the last one to speak. You will get so much more value out of it. You'll you'll people will get so much more courage in sharing their ideas if you don't come in as an authority figure and try to impose your view of it. Let them speak. Let them share their thoughts and I guarantee you that you'll you'll learn so many things out of this. It's it's it's mindboggling. H how do you pitch your idea? Well, practice. You really need to take the time to practice. You need to rehearse. You need to look in the mirror and pitch it out, I don't know, a hundred times, a million times, depending on how important is it is to you and how critical it is to you. You'll you'll go over it in your head time and time and time and time again. You'll try and practice it. You'll try and present it as if you were in front of your audience. And doing that will get you one step closer. It will get you a million steps closer, right? It's it's you need to apply that throughout your life with basically everything that you do, right? From the smallest thing to the to the biggest thing, you need to practice those things. And the more you repeat them, the more engraved they are in your brain. And I'll give you an example. The simple fact that you'd be, let's say, the simple fact that you'd be brushing your teeth once a day, once a year, it won't make a difference to your teeth. Your tooth, your teeth will still fall off because you eat everything and anything. And the food is so acid these days. But if you do it constantly and regularly every single day, you're brushing your teeth and you're being diligent about it, then that will make a difference. It's the same thing in business. The same thing with pitching your idea. The simple fact that you went over it once before your presentation, it doesn't mean that you'll know how to do it. It doesn't mean that you'll you'll do the best version of it that you can. You won't. You'll need to repeat it 10 times over. You'll need to go over it so many more times in order for you to get to that point of being able to present it in a cohesive way and in a clear way so that your audience can understand it right >> Mike >> I yes >> sorry to disturb you because I didn't want to you know I just want to ask you a question so I guess when we are talking about knowing the audience because in this platform we are talking about if we have an idea that we want to pitch it to the investors how we are going to convince them so I guess I personally don't know what are the do you know what are the investors are interested okay the money the benefit but I guess those kind of language or those kind of evidences that it's specifically it's important for the investors so Maybe if you just as part of your pitch you tell us about that, that would be great. >> Yeah, sure. So, again, it ties back into knowing your audience. Yes, you are saying that you don't know your audience and you don't know what the investors are interested in, but do you really like in this day and age, do you really think about it with social media and everything with LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, do you really not know if you're going to a company and you know the people in the meeting, I can guarantee if I know that today I'm meeting with Beta, Julia, and Emily and whoever else is in the meeting, whatever their names might be, I can go on Facebook, I can go on Google, I can search them up, I can look up, oh, they posted cute photo of their dog. They really care about dogs, right? So, if my if my idea like if I have 10 people in the in the presentation and my idea is about, I don't know, a toy for dogs, then I'll for sure appeal to that person. I'll for sure look them dead in the eye, you know, because I know that they care about dogs, they have a dog, they posted dog pictures and whatever. They say, "Oh, look how cute this is. " Or about cats or whatever it is, right? Maybe you don't find anything in common about that, but you can make analogies. Whenever you post your idea, whenever you pitch your idea, there are personal things that you can relate to the people that you're presenting to. And you almost always know the people that will be present in the meeting. You can always ask, you can always find out the people that are present in the meeting and try and do a bit of research. Okay, you don't know the kind of people or it doesn't matter to them as much, but it always matters. Even if you go to multinationals, you're still selling. You're not selling to a business. You're selling to people. And that's what you need to understand. You're selling to people. You're you're selling to human beings. And it's always about building that relationship and building that trust. Yes, it's about the idea. It's about the concept of it. It's about it making money. It's about it being profitable and so on. But the first barrier that you need to get past is that human that you're looking dead in the eye and trying to sell them your ID. So, it needs to make sense to them. You need to relate to them. You need to know what are their interests. What is stuff that you can link to, right? Again, in your case, beta, it's so easy because you're giving them all of this information, right? You're telling them what the structure is. You're telling them what they're after. They know exactly what they should follow and they shouldn't think past that. Like that's yes, you can look outside of the box and you can build something amazing, but for the purpose of the assignment, you will genuinely think about that. And I dare you to think outside of the box. That's definitely something that you should focus on. But it's it's the reality is that you're selling to people. You're always going to sell to people, not to businesses, not to hard wall. People will have feelings involved. People will get involved in and will get emotionally dragged into your presentation. So, make sure you know your audience. Make sure you focus and you tune in on what's important to them, right? Is it important to them to save the environment? Is the forest important to them? Is ecosystem whatever sustainability important to them? Focus on that, right? Of course, it needs to be profitable. You need to focus on numbers. Everything that is said in that in that PDF, I read it. Everything that is said in that PDF is so clear and simple, and I agree with it 100%. Yes, it needs to be clear. It needs to be straight to the point. It needs to be concise. It needs to, you know, be easily understandable, easily digestible by your audience. That's those are all I agree with all of them. Those are all facts that I agree with. But you need to think outside of that in terms of how you can appeal to your audience. What can you add that's extra, right? And sorry, I'll just I think we don't have that much time. So if you guys want to ask any questions, I can definitely stop here and we can go through the questions and then take it up from there. >> I don't know if we have any question from the participants. So you can turn on your audio and ask the question or just write in the chat so I can share with Mike otherwise we are going ahead. Is there any question for now? Anything that you can think of. >> If you can't turn on your audio because I know this is the virtual environment that we all are experienc sharing the rooms and so on. So please write the your question in the chat and yeah we should be able to read otherwise we are going to continue listening to Mike. All right I guess Mike if there is any question so we are going to use the chat so >> yeah sure that's perfectly fine whatever works for you. So, , I was talking about the brushing teeth and whatever and knowing that another analogy, knowing that you should do push-ups versus actually doing push-ups so that you stay healthy, it's a totally different thing. We can stay here and talk about the next10 billion dollar ideas, the next whatever, you know, Twitter, the next SpaceX, the next Tesla, the next whatever. We can stay here, the next whatever COVID vaccine. We can stay here and come up with all of those ideas, but it's so different in talking about them and thinking about them than actually doing it. So I encourage you to if this is a life that you're generally trying to pursue of starting up your business of pitching an idea of trying to build an app, build a service, build a product, build a whatever, I encourage you to just start doing it. It's easy even if you don't have money. It's easy to start doing it. It's easy if you organize it in a in a clear and structured way, you'll be able to get the money. In this day and age, it's fairly easy to get the money. You can pitch it to so many people. So you can go on LinkedIn, find the whatever. If your idea is about selling pencils, you can go and you find the whatever 100 people, a thousand people on LinkedIn that are selling pencils or in pencil factories or whatever and you can sell to them. You can pitch your idea to them and get financing from them. You can definitely do that. Biology, whatever. Certain chemicals that are trying to develop that will whatever improve they have a problem with the pool and for keeping the pool clean for algae and whatever you can come up with those idea and go to the people that you generally matters to them you can do that but you need to put it in practice and what I've learned from my own experience is that there's no right way of building a company or building a business or pitching an idea but what I found is a thousand ways of how not to do it right so when I try and build my next my next product or my next business or my next whatever, I know a thousand things that I should not do, right? Because those are mistakes that might be capital mistakes and it'll just end it all or they might be mistakes that might slow me down, right? So, it's it's super important. It's super important to just go and try even if you fail. It doesn't matter that you fail. You've actually learned so much out of it that it's shocking. As long as it's not a capital failure where you lose all of your money and you go bankrupt or whatever, you lose your house or whatever, you lose your job, then that's not, you know, it's something that you should definitely try and you should definitely try and focus on. So, going on to the next thing, is there demand for your product? How do you create demand for your product or service? Always ask those questions before you start building it and try to be as honest about it as you can. If you're pitching an idea, go to if you have competitors whatever you can go to the five 10 people friends that you have that would be willing to listen to it and listen to their genuine opinion. Don't tell them which one is the right your idea. Try and have, you know, the three products that are in your category that do the same thing or the three whatever services, the three companies that offer the same thing or similar thing to you. Go to your friends, tell them about these three products, three categories, three business ideas. Don't tell them which one is yours and see which one they like. And that way you'll get a an honest answer out of them and you'll see, okay, well my idea isn't as good as I thought it was or my product isn't as good as I thought it was because I went and told it to 10 guys to 10 friends and I didn't tell them which one it was and they all picked the competitor product because it's a better product because of this because of that. You don't need money to try and figure out if it's worth it. You can just pitch it. Post it on a forum. Post it somewhere, right? Post all of these and see what people that don't care about you and don't want to hurt your feelings care say if those people that generally don't don't care about how you feel and try to make you feel comfortable and whatever the internet trolls come back and tell you oh this is a great idea if that person tells you it's a great idea and they don't have anything to gain and they don't want to hurt your feelings your feelings don't matter to them then you know that it's a good idea so how do you know if there's demand how do you how can you create demand you just trying to throw it out in the ether and see what sticks. But if you don't do it and you just stay with it in your head, then you won't really find out anything. And then again the last thing is why would anyone buy your service or product? Same thing. You need what do you what are you offering to them? What are you giving to them? Really focus on that. It's I generally don't think that anything else matters. You need to know your audience. And when you're when you're pitching an idea, when you're pitching a product or a service, you need to find out what matters to them, what really relates to them. And you need to see what value you're you're bringing to them to the table with all of it. And I'll stop here because I ranted quite a bit on these things. And I think I went left, right, and center with it. I apologize about that beta. If I didn't follow the exact structure. But I felt like those things, especially at the beginning with your why and why you're doing it and what you should be doing and so on, it needs to be about you and it needs to matter to you. So, sorry about that beat up. >> Oh, good. We are listening. If I went around it >> and you actually provided a good example and I keep start thinking about because like we might have some idea and some and but I guess it's very important to know that from where we should start and how this is going to you know I know that it's why I'm going to do it but it's important to know how I'm going to do it. So I guess Alex has a question. So >> sorry before your question Alex beta how are you going to do it? You don't know like it's it's there's people will tell you how to do certain things and the way you should be doing it. But the reality is that until you actually do it and you either fail at it or succeed at it. You won't know. You'll try something. You'll do your research. You'll go online. You'll find out a bunch of things that really matter. I can't even squeeze in the content. You can go online and get so much free stuff on YouTube, right? And it's super it's super valuable. You have the world knowledge at your fingertips, right? How do I pitch an idea? You go on YouTube, you go through a thousand videos of thousand hours of content and that's how you'll know. That's how you'll build your own style. You don't need to follow a structure, a framework or a certain thing that someone did if it doesn't fit your style, right? But there's so many there's so much content out online where you can pick and choose certain things and then do your own thing. Do your own approach. And yes, it might fail. So what you need to think what's the alternative? And the alternative is you won't try it. You won't do it. And you'll end up being 60, 80, 70, whatever years old and you'll regret the rest of your life for not even trying it. >> And that is that is the thing that scares me the most. That is the thing that scares me the most. Fact that I have an idea, I have a vision, I have a goal, I have a passion, but I don't do it because I'm afraid that it will fail. >> The alternative is you don't do it and in 10 years I guarantee you'll regret it for the rest of your life >> is the honest truth. Sorry about that, Alex. Go on. >> Thank you. >> Yeah, thank you. Yeah so I think u my question going into more into this unknown so you know we are trying to go into some creating some startups some ideas going into the prototyping but at the end we don't know if we are going to achieve that goal what we are looking for and just going to give you some summary about my project so I'm working in developing some bioreactor like composters to process organic waste. I'm right now in the stage of creating the prototype and then we are doing proof of concept concepts and making something a bit more high-tech machines. We have competitors in the market already. But the thing is it's not become it's not like that much massive few restaurants few universities are using this type of machines. Even we here at we get couple of machines and we tested and we know that machine is not working properly making compost and then based on this all of this research and created this new one and just thinking in the way how to pitch to investors how to create this demand and then thinking if we are going to get some buyers in the in the future that's like making me a bit worried so going into this unknown war unknown topic so I don't know if you can give me some advice and some comments in that regard. >> Yeah, sure. So, first thing is that I personally think everything that has to do with sustainability and ecofriendliness is the future is the way to go in the future. So if you have an idea that's focused around that, I pretty much say 99 to 99% of these ideas that are going in that direction, I say you should I strongly say you should follow it and you should try and see it through regardless of how hard it is. If it was easy, everyone would do it. That's that's for sure. Right? So from that point of view of does your idea have merit? Does your idea have demand in the market and all that? Yes, it does. And yes, it will have even more demand. The stuff that I'm seeing, I'm right now in Spain. The stuff that I'm seeing that I've seen in the last six months traveling is that after this pandemic and I've traveled a lot even before the pandemic, but the world has changed so much. All of us all of a sudden you start seeing so much more recycling being done all around the world. Like these guys, I'm in Marba right now. They've implemented a new system for recycling around their cities and they instead of two bins they have four bins and that's all with co the whole COVID push and the whole like it's it's a massive push and shift of mentality in the world focused on climate change and eco-friendly solutions. I see money being thrown from VC companies left, right, and center on ideas that haven't even put one line of code into them or products that don't even have one screw on them, right? And they're pushing so much money in the US and Australia. Australia is a bit slower than the US and the rest of the world to be honest in terms of implementing stuff like this, but they still do it. But if you look at US and Canada and Europe and whatever, they're pushing so much money from the government and private sector side that as long as you have a semi-working model of something, you can go and you pitch it to them and it's almost certain that you'll get funding or you'll get enough attention that someone will come up with a bit of funding for you. And that's all you need, right? As I said before, focus you can do anything as long as you realize that you can't do everything. Focus on the stuff that you're good at and the stuff that you're not good at, try and get someone to help you out with it. Right? You need money. You need someone who can sell your idea and pitch it and take it to the next level. Get someone on your team who can do that. Right? Give someone 5% of your company or I don't really like to give percentages in my company, but let's say do that or give them 5% of the profits in the future or whatever, right? And just get someone to take care of that side of the business for you. So, from the aspect of is it worth it? Yes, it is. From the aspect of how do you try and pitch it and so on. Go online, search how the this exact same question that he asked me. How do I pitch a whatever eco-friendly idea? Who do I pitch it to? Who are the companies that would be interested? Search it on Google, search it on YouTube. You'll find so many like massive companies that are willing to invest so much money and focus on the product itself. You mentioned that you know their competitors and whatever they're not really their products are not really that good. That is amazing. That is that is the stuff that you want to hear, right? Two things that I always try to focus on when it's a physical product. Two things that I always try to focus on is the product quality needs to be or the difference in between my product and the other product needs to be a zillion times better, right? Be it design difference, be it functionality difference, be it visual or whatever it is, cost difference in I need to have in one of these areas either cost or design or functionality, I need to have like a million miles advantage compared to my competitors. As long as I have that, as long as my product has that, then it will be a super easy sell. If I'm just a bit different or just a bit better than the other products, then it will be super hard to penetrate the market. So, you really need to focus on making sure that your product if physical product and based on your particular example, you need to make sure that there is an area where you absolutely obliterate your competition, right? Where there's absolutely no shred of doubt that your product is a million times better, right? And then the getting money side of things and all of that. I told you get someone who knows how to do that. Get someone who can help you out with that. Go pitch to Yes, you'll go pitch to one VC company and they'll say no. It's not like that. It's a numbers game. You need to go pitch to a 100 VC companies in one of them. Maybe you're lucky that the 100 company will say yes. And if you're not, it doesn't mean that your idea sucks. It just means that you haven't pitched enough, right? You need to pitch to so many people and try and find out your audience. It's just Yeah, that's that's what it is about. I hope that answered your question. >> Sure. Yes. Just one question more in terms of finding these investors to do this many pitchings. How can find it because sometimes when like for example participating in this pre-acelerator or accelerator programs at universities and they can connect you the investors but the other way where can we find investors who are interested in my project? >> Google and LinkedIn. VC companies, man. I tell you, this is what I do. This is what I do. And I get companies that do I don't have a secret sauce, right? It's not like I have, you know, an extra brain or I have a super high IQ. No, I just don't have the fear that I'll go and try and talk to someone and that person will say no to me. I don't care. It doesn't really matter to me. It doesn't even register on my radar that they said no. You know, for me, I'll just try and get whatever learnings and whatever I can get out of it and then I'll move on to the next and I'll have the same enthusiasm and the same the same will about it and motivation about it as I had with the person before. Go on LinkedIn, go search, you know, go search CEO level execs in companies that you think might produce this or you think might build this. You know, go on Google and search companies that build whatever recycling. Go to city councils and pitch this idea to them, right? Look, I have this thing. You don't need to sell it, you know, but it's a whatever. Just here's a pamphlet. Give it to the businesses in your local council. Whatever. Think of it doesn't matter how many people say no to you. It's a numbers game, right? I've had we've had and I'll give you a clear example. We've had a business that we started here and it's not doing anything fancy. We took the knowledge that we had in real estate and renovations in Australia and we applied it in Spain where they're by the way horrible. We you go into a house and you see a house with the room is green, the bathroom is purple, the you know they have flowers on the sheets, they have flowers on the walls, they have clutter, they have whatever. We took the concepts that we use in Australia where everything needs to be white and clear and as decluttered as possible and you do staging and you make things look nice and you put, you know, flowers and whatever. You make it look simple and pretty and whatever and you implement it here and that's it. That's the only thing we do. We went and we pitched to I don't know my partner I think went to about I would dare say 500 600 people that he pitched it to and one person said yes and they invested 6 million euros with us right we only needed the capital for them to buy the property we didn't want to put the capital ourselves because it's capital that means it gets locked in and whatever right so we always try to do it with someone else's money we always try to do that Right. Unless it's like a really massive thing. Yes. Sorry. Be >> thank you so much. I guess this is a very interesting conversation. I didn't want to stop because I just concerned about your time and you told us that time is and everyone knows that the time is the gold tier. So I just want to appreciate your valuable time. I guess this was a good do you know do you know how we can reflect on why we are doing what we are doing and of course we just you know investigate more and find out more about who of course is interested in the STEM idea and I guess for this design for change I'm hoping the students they work together help each other support each other maybe that is a design that in you know in future it can be an a startup if you're good at it if you think that this is something that you're passionate about it and the community and people they can use of your idea it would be great to share with everyone. So again this is the design for change and this is the workshop which we try to cover how we create the video inspiring video how we come up with pitching our design solution. So in the next workshop we are going live showcasing the 4minut video. We are hoping that you just go one step further and record four minute of your design and submit it to my email address baffrons. Edu.