, and I'd like to acknowledge the traditional owners of the land upon which Swinburn's main campus stands on the land of the Waranderie people and acknowledge the land that you're on today and acknowledge that it was never seated. And I'd also like to acknowledge the traditional knowledges and stories that our First Nations people so kindly share with us in their role as traditional custodians of the land and in their role as our land's first storytellers. So I'd like to hand it over to Dr. Beta Zepharanolu who is the manager of this amazing set of initiatives to talk about the session today. Thank you beta. >> Thank you s so much Carolene. I would like to you know welcome you all especially if you're coming from Sarowak. We have our amazing guest speaker from Sarowak today. So this session for the following one hour is going to cover the effective storytelling with data visualization. Why do we care about this? So you hear that storytelling we talk about the indigenous community how the amazing stories still are you know inspiring us. So if we are in science or any different disciplines at university I guess part of your passion part of your research might be about how you communicate the outcome of that with the community and this storytelling is approach that we would love to offer and of course because we are coming I'm coming from the science backgrounds we would love to bring that science you know scientific data and that visualize mixed with the visualization part of this storytelling narrative. So for that we have a competition start talking which is coming in November. We have a live showcase on 6th of November. If you are you know if you would like to participate please reach out to us and we would love to receive your 4minut video on any innovative idea that you have which is you know coming with a social impact sustainable impact and especially part of this visualization can be applied part of that narrative by Monday 3rd of November and with this introduction introducing what we offer as part of shaping STEM futures program and start talking. I would love to introduce u Michael who is going to get us to this one hour informative session. Michael, it's all yours now. >> All right. Can I share my screen? >> Of course you can. So thank you so much Carolene and beta for the great and informative introduction. I'm very honored to be invited to share my experience about this topic effective storytelling with data visualization. So I Miko I'm currently the senior lecturer with the school of ICT from Zimban Sarawa. Before working as a lecturer I'm a professional data scientist. So I really appreciate the importance of a good data visualization in telling the story and subsequently persuade our decision maker like the management on the findings and recommendation from our data analysis. So in this sessions I will actually present four subtopics as part of the effective storytelling for data visual through data visualization. We will start with the fundamental topic like what is a visualization an overview of it a brief history what why and why is it important how can we design it followed by a mini activity and then we will continue on with design principle. So this is a technical stuff that outline some of the best practices researched by the researcher in this design field for many decades already. They have established a set of design guidelines such as graphical integrity which we can just apply directly while designing our own visualization. Thirdly, I will actually share some of the technique that you can use while trying to tell a story using your visualizations and depending on the purpose exploratory or explanatory there are different strategies that you can adopt. Okay. And lastly, I would like to share some tools that I personally use to create data visualization and share with you the example project that I have worked on using these two. So why do we need visualizations? Okay, I believe most of us here we are from science background. Personally I'm from engineering and computing background. I would consider myself a scientist because I'm a researcher. Okay, as a scientist we do have the responsible to conduct research that can benefit the broader society. But we're also responsible in disseminating the findings from our research and communicated to the public in a clear, honest and transparent manner. And data visualizations actually play an important part of it because a lot of the scientific data that we are generated may not be comprehendable by the general public. But if we can convert them into a effective dig data visualization, it will help us in the communication process. Formally data visualization is defined as the formation of a mental image in our internal brain or it could be a representation of a set of information externally. So what do we really mean by this? Okay. So we are trying to transform extract information or data into an interactive visual graphical representation for the purpose of exploring, communicating, confirming and presentation and it is important to have an effective data visualization that can help us instead of hinder us from understanding the information. So what do I mean by this? Humans have limited memory and attentional resources. Okay. And data visualizations should be designed in a way that it can help us to reduce the burden on our connection. If you look at the slide here, okay, there's a mathematical multiplication question. If I ask you what is 264 * 72 can you give me the answer without using any external tool meaning you have to use your bread. Okay. Okay. Another scenario would be if I allowed you to use a pen and a paper a piece of paper to write it down and do the calculation will you find it easier as compared to no external to at all? I think you will find it easier. Of course, the easiest will be calculator. But let's not go to that scenario. Let's just compare you know scenario A without any external tool. You have to do it purely inside your brain or with pencil and paper for you to write down and calculate. Okay. So this is what we mean by an external to data visualization as a tool for reducing our connective burden as external condition using the elements outside of our head to things and reduce the condition lock or burden on our brain. So if I have so much informations and 10 years of climate change data and I try to explain to you just verbally and you have to imagine it in your brain versus showing you a graph that is well designed you can immediately feel the differences okay and that's why we want to have a good visualizations because it's really about external connection how the resources the visual outside your mind can be used to boost the cognitive capabilities of the brain. Okay. So let's look at some of the example. Okay. The earlier visualization the very first pie chart here as you can see that can show the composition. Okay. Like African European and then this one also the very first bar chart. Okay. That shows the export and imports of Scotland to and from different parts. Okay. It's quite clear, right? Instead of instead of just using texture. So this is a very famous visualizations that we always show in our class related to data visualization. It is a simple 2D graph but it can capture a lot of informations inside it. Okay, this is probably the best statistical graphic ever drawn by Charles Joseph Aminard. It actually portrays the losses suffered by the Napoleon armies during the Russian campaign in 1812. So you can see this is a timeline. Okay. And the size of the colored graph here actually shows the populations of the army. So beginning at the police or Russian border, the tip band here, okay, shows that the army is quite big in the beginning. And then as they try to march forward okay and then they retreat you can see that the size of the army actually shrink down because of the losses of life due to the army due to the weather. Okay. So you can see that there are many dimensions that are being represented in just one graphic. First of all, the title tell us what is this event about. And then the timeline 1812 to 1813, one year. And then in the beginning, this is the size of the army. As they move forward, the army get reduced to Moscow. And then they try to retreat from Moscow back to their origin. You can see in the end you can compare the original size of the army and the eventual survival. Okay. On this band and then at the bottom you can see it include the weather information which can tells you that this weather a very harsh weather here which might be the reason why suddenly there's a huge decrease in the size. Okay. So this is what we mean by a effective visualization. It's not only a simple graph with just X and Y two dimension. A good visualization will be able to represent more than two dimension. Okay. This is another visualization that is quite famous and that saves thousands of life. It is drawn by Jon Snow who is an epidemiologist. He created this map to visualize the location of the water pump and the households in London due to the collera cases. Okay, I think this happened in the 18th centuries where suddenly there are people who are suffering from collera cases and we don't know what's the reason. So this epidemologist try to visualize it is it related to the water and then they try to visualize the location of the pal and then the house of the cora crisis. By interviewing the household with death cases they discovered that a particular water pond on the broad street is the culprit. It was contaminated by the bacteria that cause choleera. So this is an early example of how we can use visualization to first record down the data. Then we analyze and eventually discover important insight that is hidden. Okay. Using visualization. Nowadays is even more important because we know we are living in the era of big data. A lot of data that is beyond our human ability to comprehend. Right? That's why we need to somehow use visualizations to summarize data so that we can look at the trend. So the ability to take data to understand it to process it and extract value from it gives a very important skill in the next deca. Okay. Because now we have a lot of data. How do we harness value from the data is the key skill which is also the objective of our workshop today. So I would like to start end the first subtopic with this activity. Have any of you read this book by Hans Rossling which is on the visualizations very famous book on visualization. So you can see that Hans Rosling is a statistician. He actually created a graph to relate income with life expectancy. So together we can watch a video and while watching the video I will need your help to tell me how many dimensions are there in one visualization. What do I mean by dimension? It is really the variable. For example, in the time series graph, we will have X as the time, Y as the target, right? So, we have two variable. So, while watching this video, you try to record down how many variables are there. Of course, from the title, you can tell me income is one variable, life expectancy is one variable, but are there more variables in the video? Let's watch it together. So let me know if you can hear it. Okay, I play it now. >> This shows income and lifespan in the world today. Each bubble is a country. Color shows region, the Americas, Europe, Africa, and Asia. And size is population. The big ones are China and India. And this is income, GDP per capita, from $500 all the way to $50,000 per person and year. And this is lifespan, life expectancy in years. These countries have the lowest income and the shortest life. And from this corner down here, there are countries at all levels all the way up to this corner up here with the highest income and the longest life expectancy. There are no countries here on this high income. There is no country with life expectancy below 74. And there is no country here on this low income. There is no country with life expectancy above 64. But look at the big picture. Most people live in middle inome countries. And on the same income level, there are huge differences in lifespan from 50 all the way to 75 years depending on how the money is distributed and how it's used. >> All right. So I know that I believe that from this video you can see that there are more than two dimensions that are represented. And how does income relate to life's expectancy? It is not as simple as the richer you are the longer you live but there are other factors like the region that you are with how the income are distributed in a particular countries but I would like to ask you apart from the income and the lifespan what are the other dimensions or variables that you can understand for this visualization I'll just show you here the next slide So this is the snapshot of the in >> there are no countries here. Okay. So this is actually in the book by Hans Roling. So this is the actual visualizations that is in the book. So how many dimension are they in one visualization? X is income, Y is life expectancy. But what are the other dimension? Any student would like to try you know what does the color mean? What does the size of the bubble means? Okay. So maybe I will just give you the answer. Population is represented by the size of the bubble. Right? The bigger this bubble, the bigger the country. China and India. That's the third dimension. Then the color actually shows the region which is a geographical information. For example, Asia Pacific represented by this pink. Okay. And then we have the USA and Canada represented by green and so on. Okay. So one 2D chart but capture more than two dimension. Okay. With you can design it cleverly. So that's all for the first subm module on data visualization overview. What is it about? Why and how? Now let's move on to the more technical maybe the boring one which is some of the design principle that we should bear in mind while designing the visualization. Okay, have you heard of graphical integrity? Okay, we know that as a human being we need to have integrity, right? But when you design graph you need to design with integrity too. Okay. So what do we mean by integrity principle when it comes to design and visualizations? It means that when you are designing your visualization, you should have clear detailed labeling to prevent any distortion or ambiguity. One example could be the size of the physically measured graphic should be proportional to numerical quantities. Right? If there is a numerical sense to the value, you should show the data variation in your data visualization and not design variation using a concept called data in ratio. And the graphics must not quote the data out of context. We will use a real life example to show this. So this is actually a screenshot of the Fox News that shows that what are the differences? Okay, if the bush tax cut expired, can you tell me what is the issue with this bar chart here? At the first glance, it seems like wow, there is a big difference right between this graph here January 1st 2013 and now it seems like the tax cut expired then it really affect the tax rate. But is that true? Okay, I think you are all science or engineering or computing student. If you look at the y-axis, you will notice something weird because the axis does not start from zero. What if we start from zero? Ah, do you feel different looking at this graph compared to the previous one? Now the difference is not as huge as it appears right in the first graph here. So this is what we mean by graphical distortion. If you didn't start at the proper commons raw baseline, you are actually trying to distort the data by showing the differences actually are appear to be very big but in actual fact it is not that big. Okay. So the difference in your data okay should be reflected correctly by the size of effect in your graph. Okay. So the relative size the axis of the bar chart should always start at zero. Okay. To ensure you have a fair comparison. Another example of scale distortion using pie chart. If you look at this pie chart which represent the market share for the smartphone by the US, right? You can see that the leading one we have I think 39% is RIM and then we have 21. 2% other and then 19. 5% is Apple. Then Motorola then Palm and then Nokia. If we look at the value we know that Apple is the third highest right but because of the 3D illusion it seems that Apple is the second highest. Why? Because Apple is positioned in front and this ring the purple color is at the back. Even though it's 21% it appears smaller than 19. 5%. If we remove this 3D pie chart, we convert it to a 2D, then the differences, you look at it, it should be rimmed and then other and then apple, right? So the issue with 3D pie chart is because slice at the front of the pie appears larger than it is and the slice and the back appear smaller. And this is another example of scale distortion when you try to use 3D in your data visualizations. So with ascientist we want to communicate our data and findings honestly. So we try to avoid this kind of issue when designing our visualization. Another best practice would be the chart data to ratio. I know we like beautiful fancy graph but when you are trying to create an effective visualization we want to make sure that design the effect can show us the data variation and not design variation. Okay for example this is a very fancy graph but the next one here is better okay it's clearer for us to understand in a scientific communication. So one example what do we mean by data in ratio? Okay, if you look at this simple chart here that shows January to September what is the percentage right you can see we can actually simplify this chart so that it's easier for the user to know which one is the highest month which one is the lowest month and what is the difference between the highest and the lowest. How do we do it? We have to remove the chart junk one by one. First of all, you can remove the unnecessary grid. Okay. Okay. And then you can remove the background color and next you can even remove the bounding box and keep only the x and y axis. So this version now you can help to enhance it by making a horizontal scale to your x y value here using this fine white line. Okay. Make it easier to interpret across different months. And this is the resulting chart. You can see it's very clear now. Highest is June, lowest is May. Why is the difference between June and May is about 20%. Right? Because this is 5%, this is 5%. As compared to the earlier version fancy, but I think a lot of them are just noise. Okay? So these are some guidelines that you can consider in designing effective visualization. Last principle, your graphics must not quote data out of context. For example, you are trying to convince your friend, oh no, there's climate change, but they are showing you this graph. Hey, no, climate change is a lie. Look at this world average temperature from 97 1997 to 2012. There is no trend at all. Don't scare us. There's no global warming. What is happening here? You are quoting data out of context. If you look at a longer timeline, okay, okay, we don't start from 1997. We start earlier, okay? Instead of 15 years, we look into 50 years. And can you see the trend? Okay. So, this is what we mean by we try not to leave the data out of context. If you have a full history of data, you include it first. Okay? To make sure you don't have any incorrect interpretation due to quoting data out of context. So as much data as you can collect you have to visualize them consider the large data set so that you can deliver the right informations to the readers and avoid producing graph that are out of context. Okay. So that's the integrity principle that I would like to share. Now let's move on to a more technical part of it when designing our visualization. From the computing background actually chart is not as simple as a chart. We do have different naming for different ingredient of the chart. For example, the visual element we do have mark and channel. M are actually elements that can represent the items. Channel are actually the visual elements that can control the appearance of the map. Okay. So let me put it simple. For example, there are two type of channel. One is identity channel which is usually used for categorical variable such as the shape and the color. Another channel is magnitude channel which are normally used for quantitative variable for example the length and the shape of the color. Darker means higher, higher means more. Okay. So two type of channel identity which is categorical magnitude which is quantitative and because of the way our human brain and visual perception system is designed there are different effectiveness depending on the channel types that you use. Okay. As a human right actually we are more sensitive to a position on common scale followed by the length followed by the area followed by color and lastly 3D. Okay for identity channel we are very sensitive to the differences in the space region special region followed by different color and lastly the shape. So what do I mean by channel effectiveness? I think we can only illustrate this through exercises. Okay, if you look at this chart here, A and B, it is actually represented using position on the common scale because we start from the common scale here, A and B. And I ask you how much longer do you think B is compared to A? How much longer is it? Anyone would like to try? Is it one time longer, two times longer? Or same length. >> I just want to say if you don't have access to the audio, you can use off the chat and type it in the chat. >> Oh yeah, for the student. So I think you can compare A and B. Actually B is two times longer, right? I hope everyone agree. Now if I use another question now, is it the same? Is it two times longer or more? How about this one? A and B. Is it two times longer or is it three times? Is it four times? Flora said three times. Okay. All right. I think you know that is more than two times, right? Because this is two times. This should be three or four. Okay. So the correct answer is four times. It's quite easy. At least we can know that this is still more right than the previous example. But now if we use another channel which is the angle. How much deeper is B compared to A? This is quite difficult. You need to use the instrument to measure. Now so this is about four times deeper. Okay. Now I use area as the channel. How much larger is B compared to A? You can see it's getting more and more difficult right when we use different type of mark and channel. Okay. So actually B is five times larger than A. Okay. How much darker is B compared to A? It's two times darker. So you can see that the channel effectiveness is really different. We are the most sensitive to the length differences at the common scale. Okay. And we are not that sensitive to the brightness, you know, angle. Okay. So when you need to show the differences in the numerical variables, should you use a bar chart with different length or color to shows that darker means higher, lighter means lower? I think you can answer now right that if you want it to be very effective you should use a bar chart. If you already use a bar chart for another variable for the less important variable you have no choice but you can use brightness or saturation to represent it. Okay. So this is what we mean by channel effectiveness. With this we are ending our second mini topic. Now I would like to continue on with the most important part which is storytelling. You already learned the important of data visualizations. You know that there are some design guideline that you should follow. For example, you should not distort your graphic due to scale or graphical distortion that can lead to in integrity issue and also should not quote data out of context. Try to visualize all the data that you have first so that you will not arrive at the wrong conclusion and understand that for different type of variable there are different channel that you can use. Okay. For example, categorical you can use shape or color, numerical you can use length, brightness, saturation. Okay. Now let's move on to the storytelling. So there are two types of objective when you want to use data visualization to tell story. First mainly I think it's internal like as a data scientist data analyst together with our team member we may use the visualization to explore if there are any interesting patterns. Okay, exploratory. We might generate a lot of graphs and see if there are any patterns. But once we realize there are some important patterns inside and we need to tell our decision maker, our manager that it would be explanatory ah storytelling where we want to communicate the findings from the exploratory phase and tell a story with the goal of informing and convincing our audience. And be careful. There is a fine line between showing the important data in the explanatory storytelling or manipulating presentation to fit our subjective opinions. As a scientist, we want to be objective. So we want to show the important data and communicate honestly. We shouldn't manipulate the presentation to fit our own personal opinion. Okay. So what are the some of the strategy that you can follow while doing storytelling? First of all, you need to know who are your audience, what you want them to know. Then with the who and what in mind, you can then decide how should you present it. Should it be done through live presentation like I was sharing today? Should it be done through a documentation like a booklet, a report which I will share with you at the end or can it be just a simple video like the one that we have from the first topic. Once you have decided, you will need to design a story board. Okay. To communicate the findings. Okay, for example, what are the questions that you would like to address? What are the approaches you describe? Show the before and after. And lastly, the recommendation. So, this is what you can see here. The data scientist would like to show the data to shows that after a pilot program, we do see increased interest of the children towards science. So there are many ways for them to communicate this finding. First one they want to show after the pilot program 68% express interest as simple as that just a number so that we know that okay 68% compared to 44 so it's a success or they can decide to use a pre and post chart that shows what is the original interest before the pilot what is the interest after the pilot and when we see there's a increase in after compared to the before then we say that the pilot program was the process. So you can see that the version here is more detailed than the first version. But maybe depending on the audience, if you are talking to the CEO, maybe he's only interested in the actual number, how many increase, how many percentage increase. But if you are talking to the manager, they want to know in detail what are the increases across different category, then you can show this. Okay. So this is what we mean by depending on the type of the audience. Okay. The questions and the decision making framework you can choose what kind of visualizations that you want to use to convey the same message. Okay. So these are some example that shows different type of visualization to present the same message which is pilot program was a success. So this one is after pilot program 68% expressed interest. This is actually showing that after the program originally only 19% are assited in size but after the program 38% are assited. Okay, for this one it shows before and after just that you use a state bar chart. You can see that excited and kind of interested are the positive one, right? And we can see that after the program we have more composition for excited and kind of interested. Another way to represent the same piece of data. How do you feel about science? We can use this slope graph. Before about 25 and 19% the blue one shows that they are a cited of interested but after we see more of a cited of interested but you also see a very interesting observation here is that student who are bored or not great before and after actually there are not much difference. But what is really effective about this pilot program is that we manage to convert student that says okay before the program to be excited and interested. Okay. So this is what we can see from this log graph. A lot of the kids in the middle in the neutral in the okay category after the pilot they are motivated to be excited and interested and that's why the program was a success. Okay. So this is how you can decide how you want to present the same piece of data. So now let's look at an example of the data again how we can actually apply what we have learned so far to improve a visualization. So this is actually a data that shows the frequency of Y chromosonal hel groups among the populations thing is in India. Okay. So the first impression of this chart is very complicated, right? Different region and different maybe we like to see this as a sites. But if you want to use it to communicate to the general public, maybe this is too complicated. So how can we improve it? First of all, instead of this kind of design, you just pinpoint the cities. Okay, the location. And then you remove the unnecessary bounding box just to show the composition here. Okay. And then the border here we change to a background shaded gray shaded so that it will not be too constra and affect our ability to perceive the composition. So you can see before and after. I think the right one is cleaner and easier for us to focus on the important one which is the location and the composition. Whereas the first one you can see we have a lot of unnecessary boxes boundary that may hinder the information and understanding. Okay. Similarly for this also thing when we want to use color in our chart we try not to use color where one color dominate the others because it will affect the audience. They might focus on the yellow and they cannot focus on the rest. So one best practice is that you can use color brewer to select colors that looks good together so that it's easier for us to understand each category. So last activity for our third part of today's session is that what are the issues you think okay with these three graph here I think you can see the first one here yellow dominates the other color the second the pie chart I think is quite difficult to distinguish especially for this pink red and this maybe is like bit red pink okay and this one also is very difficult so what we can do is we can use the online available tool like color B to choose a better color. Okay, we recolor it. Then now it's easier for us to distinguish. Okay, so this is another advice for designing effective visualization. And lastly, I would like to end with a hands-on but it's not hands-on just me sharing how we are applying these design guidelines and best practices in our day-to-day work. So normally we are using these three software to design visualizations and present them using a dashboard okay in a storytelling manner. So these are the three tools that are available. PowerBI is part of your Microsoft product, Tableau and Lucal Studio which is a Google product which is free. So there are all BI tools, business intelligent tools where you can import your data inside, create visualizations and then design a dashboard that can tell story. So it's very important that when using this VI tool, you are picking the right visual. For example, if you want to compare dimension, we can use a bar chart. If you want to track changes or trend, you should use a time series, a line chart. If you want to highlight a single critical metric or KPI, you can use a score card. If you want to understand the composition of a whole set of data like a need group, okay, or the products of the phone, you can use a pie chart. If you want to visualize data in the real world with geographical information, please try to use a world map. It's intuitive for the user to know the location, relationship between variable, a scatter plot. And lastly, measure how well the data performs against a target. You can use a bullet chart. Okay, so this there are a lot of resources online like picking the right visual based on the purpose of your visualization. For example, if the viewer wants to see how the revenue change over time, what should you use? A time series, a line chart. Okay. If you want to compare sales of different product, a bar chart could be the best one. Identify the cities. So the location where our visitor live then just a map. Okay, as simple as that. So picking the right visual before designing is also very important. So with this I would like to show you this is one of the tool that I like to use recently and it's actually a Australian product. I'm not sure if you used this before. Canva originally it started off as a tool for non-designer to create their own design. It's actually a yearbook project. The founders want to use it to create their yearbook. Then they actually realized that this tool is getting very popular. A lot of people are using it. Even people from non-design background are using it. And now it's used by millions globally for visual communication. That allow you to import data also and create chart on canva now. So this is an example of a project that I have worked on in Sawa where we try to understand the demographic of the elderly in the state. We look at the household income. We look at the household group you know how many are actually at the B the bottom 40 how many are the top high income earners and then we review it and then we see the spending category how many % spent on food how many% spent on transportation so we can see the top category is food and the least is the transportation so this is actually designed using KBA so if you are not from technical background you find it difficult to use the BI tool like Tableau, PowerBI or local studio, you can use Canva already. And the best thing that I realized is that Canva also integrated some artificial intelligence where they allowed you to upload your data, your visualizations and you type the script and you can use it to generate a video with a AI voice over which I think you can use it for the start talking competition. So just come up with an idea and use it for the competition. Okay? And I hope you I wish you all the best for the competition. That's all for my sharing today. Thank you. >> Thank you so much Michael that encourage us to come up with a new workshop and you know come up with the AI version of the Canva. So that's very good. So it was very as usual very informative and coming with some example of the good visualization what are the proper choices we make during our data visualization especially acting at someone if this is you coming from STEM area or because this is now open to all the discipline you're coming from different discipline I think our role and responsibility is to choose is that tool that can share the message and that message is coming based on the fact and evidence and the science. So I think and it's coming with my kind of an engaging I like the idea of that video that Michael shared in the beginning of this you know data visualization workshop. You can see how the speaker join to the graph and take us to the different section the and remind us about something. I think that active message and that you know engaging with the data was very amazing and we would hope to see you and 4 minute videos by Monday 3rd of November for us to review and you become you invited to the live showcase on Thursday 6th of November. Thank you so much.