Welcome everyone. Good afternoon and welcome to the design for change 2021. So this is the initiative that we our team offered and we got a grant from Adobe grant 2021 and the round one. So we are excited to have our three finalists who come with their STEM prototype design and of course this is aligned with our vision. So I have a package of the material is going to be recorded. If you can please add your student ID because that's the way that we are going to communicate with you in case if you want to share the material and of course the evaluation link is going to be share with you and please turn off your camera but the competitors they know that they are prepared so for this moment so we are going to ask you after your video to turn on your audio and video for our judges to ask the question and of course we are going it's It's going to be a better experience if you set your screen to the speaker view. And the winner of the design for change 2021 is going to be announced at about 5:25 today. So let's start with the acknowledgement of the country. On behalf of those present, I respectfully acknowledge the wonder war people of the Ken nation who are traditional custodonians of the land on which we work, we live and now we meet and recognize their continuing connection to the land, water and air that we consumes. I pay respects to the traditional owners of land across Australia and Malaysia because we are actually invited from Saravak students and can conveners as well and to their elder and ancestor and cultures and heritage past, present and emerging. I also pay respects to all Aboriginal and all the indigenous people and hope that the path towards the reconciliation continues to be shared and embraced. So we are glad to have this opportunity to acknowledge you and I know that this is the very important point and today was a sorry day. So it's good that to have this. So design for change as I started with the team. So this is the shaping stem future prototype project aims to develop swimburn students communication and technical skills utilizing a multidisciplinary collaborative approach where students can play risk and act as an entrepreneur. So we would large students to foster the building of the their digital literacy that will empower them with the skills that they need for their future career and they can inspire community and they can come contribute to industry. So what would be the product in this program? It's about a 3 to five students to design pitch startup concept with a STEM prototype which is aligned with one of our vision or direction and at least the use of one Adobe application. So the visions that we suggested here is inspiring school age students into the STEM especially girls and women's in STEM and the other direction is align with our industry partner IIG insurance Australia group to make the world a better and safer place to live. So I guess we are clear about our two directions. So we had few teams and evaluating all the designs we come up with two with three finalists with three design which is align with one of these vision either the making the world a better safer play place to live or inspiring the women and girls into the STEM. So now I would like to appreciate and this is the last minute change to the list of the judging panel. So we have a representative from Adobe team. So Kim Flowers it's representing Adobe team on behalf of the Adobe and yeah Claire is in apologies. Sorry about that. And that is the last minute change. And of course Minnie, she's here to represent our industry partner Insurance Australia Group. So she's a principal enterprise architect. And of course we have our prototype coach Elliot Henle who is from the design factory Melbourne. So these are our judging panel for today. This project and this industrybased work learning integrated activity was not able to be run without the team and this great teamwork. So we have our team including myself Klan from computing science he's a department chair of the computing science and software engineering and of course Elliot who is the part of the we are out I don't want to have any conflict of interest for all of this fantastic design so yeah Elliot is would be part of the team and the judges and of course we have our collaborators from Adobe Claire and Keem they our great supporter and of course Janet from career employability and emerging leader program and of course I AG so Heleni and Minnie today they were working with us and you know I can't we use the word to describe how grateful I am and we are for their help and of course we have Irene our convenor from Save so from Malaysia. And most important, these people, these students, they have made a great design. And I guess we have three finalists. We have lab society. We have the design which is called sister cloud and we have the u design which is called lida composter which you are going to see the video the 4m minute video of their design shortly. I guess this is the summary of our events what we have done in design for change during last three months. This is started with the communication for scientist unit but now it's in five units and behind the assessment we cover three workshop Adobe Illustrator, Adobe XD, Adobe Rush and startup pitch presentation. So I guess now we are here and students achievement is the judges choice is going to receive 1,000 prize as part of the Adobe grant and thanks to Adobe team again and we are going to have thank you to our industry partner. So the winner is going to receive a professional experience supported by IG. So we are going all of the competitors are going to finalist today. They are going to receive a certificate of partic participation because of the skills they've achieved by participating in this event and we are going to have a recognition with the Swimburn emerging leaders program and a story of success is going to be published. So I think that was the last I guess the following slides is talking about we are covering the judging video h criteria. I guess all the finalists they were aware of that. And next slide. This is the first workshop and it was the Adobe Illustrator. The second workshop we cover it was Adobe XD and the third workshop as I said it was about the Adobe Rush and pitch presentation. So now I would like to ask Castlan if you can please share the first video. >> A couple years ago back when I was in high school, I really wanted to study STEM in university and possibly for a future career. However, it seemed quite scary and intimidating. In fact, my team and I have interviewed quite a few high school students who say the same things. Other it's really hard. You already have to be a genius before you get in. There are stigmas around demographics that can and cannot study STEM. There isn't much of an opportunity to get into the industry and that there is nobody alive this century that they can look up to as a role model. There is also an Australian government report that highlights this. A lot of high school students cannot see themselves in a future career involving STEM. Labs is a platform that gives high schoolers access to the reality of science, bridging the gap between high school and the real world of STEM. To do this, LabSoft provides a platform for high schoolers to access educational content from real experts, to access opportunities like internships and conferences, and to join a community comprising secondary, tertiary, and postgraduate members. It does this by creating a platform for science communicators to upload educational content and plug their own personal channels. It showcases the applications of STEM in the workforce and in academia. All the while focusing on the personal journeys of experts and PhD students to humanize what it means to be a STEM worker. From the homepage, you can log into three different types of accounts. A personal account, a student account, or a teacher account. If you log into a student account, you will see the experiment you last viewed, any experiments your teacher has assigned to you, as well as the latest featured events. Experiments are categorized in discipline. Clicking on to an experiment will bring you to the experiment page. >> Each experiment has two associated videos, a how-to video and a background video. The how-to video is where our content creators shine. They make personalized content for students to follow through an experiment and gain an understanding of what they'll be learning. The background video gives broader context to this experiment. This is where students understand the applications of what they're learning in the workforce and in academia. >> There are also additional content that you can access through buttons. You can access additional worksheets via PDF as well as social links to the mentor who has created the experiment to create a sense of community if you have any questions or if you want to view any of the work that they've done additionally. Lastly, there is also an events module. Here will bring you to the list of events. This may be lectures, workshops, excursions or any other opportunities for students or the general public. Part of the reason we really wanted to have livestock is primarily a smartphone application is because phones these days have a whole lot of sensors that we can gather some really cool data from. Things like gyroscopes and microphones that typically would have to be used with really expensive lab equipment are now a whole lot more accessible and we can tap into through the phones. On top of this, we're looking into utilizing augmented reality to have the instructors in the same room as the person who's doing the experiment. What this helps do is increase engagement and really foster that connection between instructor and student. As the Australian government's STEM equity monitor shows, as students progress through school, their interest and confidence in STEM subjects drops off, and they're not as keen to follow a STEM career as they once were. Other studies have proposed solutions that aren't necessarily being tapped into at the moment, such as increasing the number of role models that students can identify with or helping students see themselves as scientists. These have been shown to increase the likelihood of extended interest, but only if they're done over an extended period of time rather than in sporadic once offs, which is why we want Labsock to be easily accessible in the classroom. Labs hopes to fill a niche in educational programs that has not been explored before. All programs such as Chan Academy and Adollo focus on worked out examples. Labs hopes to focus more on fostering a sense of community and also providing physical experiments. Goal of this is not to work through problems but rather to inspire students to study STEM in the future. We hope to gain revenue on lab by two main avenues. The first is by integrating classroom packages which allow schools for a fee to give their teachers teacher accounts that are attached to a virtual classroom. This will allow them to match content on labs to their lesson plans. We also give them access to 24/7 online support. Secondly, we hope to allow selected organizations to list STEM related events and internships on our platform. This will hopefully inspire students and show them the link between studying STEM and what their future career can be. >> Our team have constructed this app keeping in mind high school students and the various challenges that they face while simultaneously providing an opportunity for university students and experts to educate our future generations. Cuz here at Labs, we bridge the gap. Was great to see this design and that was aligned with our vision inspiring you know school age students into the STEM. So that is take off. I guess I would like to you know invite all the team member who are presented tonight to turn on their audio and video. So we have about you know few minutes to spend on the question from the panels the judges. So if your jud the judges also turn on the video now it would be great so we can communicate better. So thank you very much Minnie and thank you Kee and Elliot I don't know if you're there to turn on your >> Yeah. So let's just start with a question from the judging panel. If you have any question for this design, please let us know. >> I want to know how you feel about it. >> How did you feel about pulling all this together and putting it in this format? >> As in the topic or trying to create a prototype? >> Both, but probably the topic more. How did you get to that? How do you feel about how you got there? So, one of the first things that our team did was we went into a room and decided we really wanted to do the inspiring STEM students topic and we all sat down and we put a whole bunch of hypothetical not hypothetical sorry questions on the board that we had to answer such as did we have any role models? What was our biggest challenges etc. And that exercise was meant to be around half an hour to an hour, but ended up taking the entire time that we booked at the study space in the library because we realized how much and how in-depth and complicated this scenario is. , which is why we even took it to high school students. So, , like I got into contact with , like my brother and all his friends since he's still in high school. And the rest of my team members did the same with their siblings and people they knew. So, we can actually had a one-on-one conversation. And in doing so, it was really it was eye opening, but also kind of sad about how a lot of them just said, "We don't have any role models or we can't think of anybody who's alive this century. " , so most of them were like saying Einstein and Newton, for example. , and , in terms of like blockers as to why they wouldn't go into STEM in the future is because they didn't understand how you can apply STEM to the work course. , which is where that background video that we're implementing in the app. , in terms of actually creating the app itself, , so myself, Joel, and Tim, we're all physics students. And Josh who isn't here at the moment cuz he's at his placement he's an engineer so for all of us designing an app was very new but it was actually pretty interesting and just to learn terminology do the research as to like scrolling about us pages is something that we just kept on coming up with and even almost before we finished the app Josh goes oh we also need to talk about revenue and we just started pulling resources like the Airbnb pitch dock and the business the business model canvas as well just all the resources that we could to try to inform us because it was something really new. Joel Tim, do you have anything to add to that? >> Yeah, I think I think that going into a room using some of the design thinking methodologies and stuff to really work out what made us want to do science because you know it's fun, right? Doing STEM is fun. How do we show people that it's fun? , and for that for us that kind of boiled down to well, a you can do it. So, we're going to show you can do it by helping you do it. And b, there are some really cool people out here who look like you and have similar journeys to you and , all that are doing this and are really loving doing this. So how can we how can we bring those two together and show that? >> Thank you. >> We have one we have time for one more question >> or more question short one. >> I'll be quick. Congratulations on your prototype and your video. It was really nicely presented and succinct. , I liked the sort of the level of engagement and the difference from existing similar things like Khan Academy. , maybe making it a little bit more playful. , I think that's kind of where you're getting at. Sort of gamifying it a bit in some of it. , so yeah, really great job and I know we're short on time so I'll give Minnie a turn to make some comments. Thank you. Full disclosure, I'm I'm a physics graduate and I taught physics my first year after graduating. So very well done. We didn't have these things that time. I was just wondering like how would you track progress like if someone is doing all these experiments, how would you enable the teacher and the person doing the all these experiments to track their progress like how and are they going to get any rewards while doing this experiment? Have you thought about these things? >> So, we didn't have anything on display, but we thought about when a student completes the experiment, there is like additional buttons at the bottom of the page that would bring them to either PDFs or interactive forms that a teacher can collect or if you were using them personally just at home, if you were a general public person, then you could test yourself. , and that would be one way to essentially log. , and then another hypothetical that we came up with, I guess a predtoype, if you will, to gamify it, , is that the teachers would be able to see if the student had completed those online , questionnaires at the bottom of the experiment. And that would be one way. , it the app lends itself to personalization if we really wanted to. So, , for this specific prototype, we didn't necessarily think about a reward system, but we can always incorporate stuff like customizables or points or even if a teacher had a classroom, you can definitely have like a point system. Maybe after you complete experimental questionnaire, the teachers can go yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, you this has your classroom or sorry, that student can get 100 points and then maybe there could be a leaderboard. But yeah, it does lead itself towards that. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. >> And part of the part of the philosophy is that going back to the play and stuff that Elliot was talking about, it's the reward comes from the hands-on rather than, you know, assessments. Because that's that's what our competitors are very much focused on, right? It's it's all, you know, this is how you work through the written problems. This is how you it's there. There's nothing about how does it actually apply to anything or what does it mean? So there are abilities to integrate it into the pre-existing classroom like that. But I think a lot of the philosophy comes from it's something that you know is really encouraging people to continue on. >> All right, >> we found >> I guess I have to stop the conversation. That is the reason actually we come across this type of event this networking it's great and I'm happy to pass and share all of this and the email addresses so you can communicate so at this stage considering the time I want to know if the sister cloud team they have the video ready if Emily or Jordan can represent. Hello, my name is Jordan and today I'm going to be presenting my team's design concept submission for the design for change 2021 challenge. We've created this project as part of a technology design unit. I'll quickly introduce the members of the team for this project. Firstly, Sver, our project principal and facilitator, Emily and Shan who contributed the bulk of the conceptual aspects of this project, myself, Jordan, Marius, and Michael. The core principle and value of insurance Australia group that we chose to align ourselves with is diversity, inclusion, and belonging. This was something that felt natural for us to tap into. Having a somewhat gender diverse group in a usually male-dominated course. What we found here was an incredibly complex web of interconnected gender equality issues resulting in women not only finding themselves underrepresented in STEM but finding it more difficult to get involved or even just to stay involved. The complex nature of these issues, although daunting at first, helped us to define the scope of our project to what we could realistically affect with just an application. Our vision developed into wanting to help young girls connect with like-minded peers, particularly mentors and role model figures. This meant that we needed to design a system that could help connect young girls and women with those like-minded peers, role models, and learning resources that will be better focused towards them. Upon preliminary research of this interest area, we found a few apps that could do similar things. Mentor loop and women in STEM provided a similar connection tool, while LinkedIn could provide similar kinds of access to successful career women. And STEM tutoring provides a direct mentor to mentee connection service. When we decided how we were going to differentiate ourselves, we looked at providing a fun, more gamified experience. What we found with a lot of current offerings in this space was that very few of them were targeted towards younger school girls and we wanted to fill this space. We created an app with girls aged 10 to 15 in mind mainly. Although we expect this to easily extend a few years beyond those two limits. Initially we went where we to implement this design. We would be approaching schools to help us populate the app. We also need to approach some established women in STEM who are eager to get involved in a cause such as this. I'm going to quickly demonstrate a few key features of our prototype we've created with Adobe XD. This is our landing page where we've created islands that each represent an area of STEM. When we click on an island, we see a procedurally generated view which is selected by users interests and activity levels. Here a user can browse between their young peers who are interested in pursuing STEM. We've named those little sisters. They can find mentors that they can connect with known as big sisters and they can browse and get involved in interest groups known as villages. Obviously, approaching people that you've never met can be a little daunting. So each day the app selects a sister of the day who's promoted based on a few performance metrics such as their level which is based on their activity, the amount of little sisters they've been recommended by and the total little sisters that they've connected with and assisted. So a few hidden ones like their average response times to new messages or how many little sisters they are currently messaging. Future like this is critical to encourage prospective young women in STEM to take the first steps in developing a network and finding people that they can be encouraged by or inspired by. Member of the app can send a request to join a group which they'll need to be approved by the group's leader or admin. Any village that has been joined is then accessible by the option my villages in the menu. The villages use a unique design language to portray the sections of the group and provide a unique flavor to the app's experience. For example, the town hall can be used to make announcements. The library can use to create or upload documents. And the theater can be used for communicating over integrated voice chat or video chat. There are a few other features that our prototype has, but for the sake of brevity, I hope that this small look has demonstrated some of the key design concepts that are behind our application. The desired impact of this application is to empower young girls by connecting them to role models, tackling some of the stereotypes that are typically associated with STEM fields, to give families tools to help their young women succeed, and to deliver a platform where students and professionals alike can share their experiences and grow alongside one another. We think this idea is pretty malleable, so we've got a few ideas for how it could be developed further. These are some of them, though among the most important are ensuring that the platform is properly moderated. Given the precautious age that this design targets, this is an area where we would expect to be constantly iterating and improving. That's all for the presentation. We hope you've enjoyed it and that you like our design. Thank you for your time. >> team sister cloud. So that was aligned with our vision to inspiring girls and women's into this. So if you can please team sister cloud if you can please turn on your video. So we are going to answer the questions from the panel and we consider three minutes for that. >> Sure. >> Thank you Emily. I guess I can start because we are actually about to launch a mentoring program within we've had a women in tech mentoring program running for quite a while but of course it's just for our staff but we do have we do have a pillar that looks after this part where we're trying to encourage young you know like students to actually go into STEM and so I can say this is very relevant to us and in I could see because we're trying to do like things like self matching, you know, and you've nailed it there in your in your app. So, I was just wondering if you have already like spoken to I think you mentioned that in the video, but like how widely have you consulted parents for example? I'm just a bit concerned about the privacy part of things. Yeah can you talk a bit about that especially when it concerns young people? >> Yeah like we understand that the security is very important you know when work with especially young aged and high school girls. So yeah, I think there's probably be like a lot of a background checking sort of a features we could incorporate in the future in a platform. And also you know just to assess their quality especially for those mentors and also we were thinking at the start we can probably targeting you know the university teachers and so you know like we so that's one way to ensure that we you know have a good source you know where to get the mentors from. So instead of making you know all open to public that's probably one way we can do. >> Sounds good. Thank you. >> , thank you guys. , again, great job. , I really like the visuals in your app. , very playful. , and I saw I just noticed it watching it again now. , the different worlds on that were available. So, like the robot world and the coding world, I think it was. , just off the top of my head. What are some of the most important things that you think would be in those worlds and some of the content that you think that you would include? >> sorry, could you please explain further by like what do you mean by like a content as in like a what sort of a groups? >> yeah like have you were there any specific examples of like STEM learning that you would try and influence? >> so yeah so as you can see like in the homepage we have like each island represent each field of STEM. So basically people can choose which islands to reside to explore further and on those islands there will be like groups established by either like a mentor you can be a mentor leaded group based on that mentor's areas of expertise but it also can be a pure purely like a peer-to-peer group you know where the cis can actually help each other to learn from each other and those all those villages and they mean like so-called groups they are all formed based on interest. >> Oh, okay. Y >> fantastic. Do we have any question from Keem? Otherwise, >> I don't have a question. I do have one thing that I want to make a comment about though and it's the use of language and I think you've really nailed the inclusivity of using things like villages and sisters. I think that's really important because that is going to build that community just from the moment they step in. So I think that's a really good thing that you've done there. Yeah, that's actually one of our focus as well to sort of trying to establish emotional connection among those girls because we noticed that there's a you know lots of mentor programs or software is already available in the market like actually provide a similar service but what we want to focus is trying to not just for them to connect also for them to stay in a community where they can you know for the long term they can help out each other. That's kind of like a what we focus on. >> Well, well done. >> Thank you very much. Team sister cloud. We are proud of this design. All right. So now we ended up having our next and last finalist. I am wondering if one of the team member from the leader composer can present the video so we can confirm the audio and video and we can go ahead. >> Hi everyone and welcome to our presentation for the leader automated composting system and mobile app. My name is Thomas and I'm the team leader for this project. In the team we have Lachlan and Jeremy who are experts in mobile app development. Dominic who is experienced with data management and Nicholas our IoT hardware technician. This project was proposed by our client Alex James Castillo who conducted a thesis on the microbial ecology of urban organic waste treatment or compost as we know it. Did you know that in Australia around 80% of our organic waste ends up in landfill creating greenhouse emissions that could have been easily avoided if more households were actively composting. By diverting organic waste from landfill, we can reduce the strain on the environment in terms of the 13 million tons of CO2 that is created per year as a result of organic waste going to landfill. Working closely with Swimburn Researchers, we're creating Leader, a better way to compost and make use of organic waste. Leader is an automatic composting system designed to produce highquality compost by providing a controlled environment for the process to take place. Accompanying the composter is a mobile app that will provide useful information to the user via the output of several sensors inside a device, allowing the user to monitor and pause the system at any time. By working closely with our client, our team was able to gain a proper understanding of the vision behind leader, allowing us to begin the design process with the client's objective in mind. To achieve this objective, we have designed a Raspberry Pi IoT system to automate the composter prototype and provide data for our app. To ensure a smooth and flexible development process, we will be utilizing tools such as GitHub for version control, Jira for task management, and Confluence for documentation and apply them to our agile canban methodology. After conducting extensive research, our team decided to utilize a REST API to separate these objectives across backend and front-end services. Our backend will provide the interface we need for communication and data transfer between the Raspberry Pi IoT system, our Firebase data store and also our front-end service. The front end will provide the platform on which the mobile app can operate with the app itself being created using React Native for Android and iOS devices along with several other APIs to support optimal performance and testing functionality. The leader system carefully controls the environment by mixing and air rating the waste daily. It will also regulate the temperature and air flow via the use of air pumps, creating the ideal environment for food composting microbes to thrive. Data such as temperature, oxygen levels, and moisture levels will be collected and used as parameters to enforce this controlled environment. The leader system will know when organic waste has been deposited via an infrared sensor trigger and begin the monitoring process. Throughout the composting life cycle, the user will be able to monitor the decomposition process via a graphical display of the sensor information. Logs will also be recorded whenever the compost is stirred or whenever food is deposited to give the user the peace of mind that the system is operating correctly. We have begun the development stage and have initialize our hardware components as well as our backend and front-end services. Other similar solutions speed up the composting process by applying heat, producing lower quality compost that is sometimes harmful to plants. Leader, however, ensures a high quality compost that is perfect for use in any garden. In Australia, households contribute to 75% of the food that is sent to landfill. To solve this issue, leader is designed to become a staple for households in Australia. However, we believe Lader can be adapted to be incorporated into small businesses like restaurants and cafes as well as large office complexes. We feel that leader aligns with IG's vision to become a more sustainable business over the long term. Our team is confident that our leader prototype can provide users with an easier way to dispose of their organic waste and in turn create higher quality compost while reducing their contribution to landfill. >> Thank you very much team laid out composter. So I guess now we are open to any question from the panel before we ask the judges and to leave us and go to the breakout rooms to decide on the winner. So if we ask the team member for the later composer to turn on your the video if you can please. Yes. Yeah. >> , hey guys. , congratulations on your video and your presentation. >> Thank you. >> , it was very nicely presented. , and obviously a lot of thought has gone into the details and the mechanics of making this app function alongside the hardware that you guys have generated it. , so really well done there. I was just wondering sort of what the volume of the composter would be like this is more the hardware side >> but how large it would be. So the containers used in the prototype they're designed I think around 10ish liters for the So you see in the diagram there was a top chamber and a bottom chamber there for the different phases of the like the different composting phases. So the top ch they're both about the same size but generally you won't fill them all the way up to the top because then you have issues with stirring them and whatnot. >> Yep. But generally I think like five to 10ish liters is what you can what you aim to put inside before starting a cycle. >> Yeah. Because for this particular sort of iteration we're on, it's more of a proof of concept just to make sure that we can get it to work the way we want it to. And then as for the volume, if we get this to work right the first time, it's we think it'll be pretty easy to scale up or downwards depending on what where you want to install it. So yeah, we're hoping it'll be flexible with how much we can put into it. >> That's that's >> I was I was just going to mention on top of that because it is a prototype, it will go through user testing. So it's it's tentative. >> Yeah. And I know you mentioned it that it might be used in like a commercial setting as well. So there'd obviously be different sizes there for volumes coming in. But yeah, that sounds great. I'll pass over to Kim or Mini. U Minnie, do you want to jump in first? No, she's muted. She's >> go ahead because Minnie is trying to restart >> reconnect. Okay. My only question is do you envision having a home user version of this? Cuz I am a big composter and I would love this. >> Absolutely love this. >> Absolutely. Yeah. I think that's actually that's our first sort of target is for household use. So I think as we were saying in the video, most of the food waste in landfill actually comes from households. So the first iteration will definitely be targeted for that. I personally compost as well and grow stuff at home. So I'm have a personal stake in it, too. So >> that's brilliant. I've got lots of those cool ones all around the garden. And I rotate and worms are ballistic. But I think the other thing I would I would like to see if you do target that would be what to put in there as well. So, if you've never composted before or you just kind of do it poorly, I think there's a real market in that kind of space of teaching people as they're learning about, you know, when to turn it over, what types of processes are in place at the same time as, you know, if you're putting this in, this is what's happening and this is why. >> On the topic of like stirring the barrels and whatnot, that's designed as an automated system. So like once the once it detects that you inputed some comp like some food waste through the top with the infrared sensors, it's designed so that we have it programmed so that it's going to stir like once a day. So like all the kind of like regulation of how to do it efficiently should be taken care of. So you don't need to worry too much about it. >> So for the lazy people that don't know what they're doing, I love it. >> Yeah, that's Yeah, probably the best way to get more. Yeah, >> I just want to jump here because this is the four years of u composing project that Alex who you watch in the video PhD students have done it. So we are we know the science we know and we need do you know computer science students to automate the prototype. So please go ahead. >> No, I was just going to say well done. I love it. Well done. >> Cool. And to sorry >> I agree with Kim really I'm one of those people who would love to have an automated composting system great presentation guys I love the idea and you did well collaborating you know crossing across and collaborating with a different group but and I also love the architecture that you presented because I'm an architect right the only thing I have to tell you though is that when you're presenting it to an investor you usually would have would hide all those, you know, really technical details. Yeah, it's really great for me to know it. But yeah. >> Yeah, they would they would face >> that was one thing we were tossing up because we actually drew up those diagrams >> uni work. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> All right. All right. >> So, considering the time again, sorry that I have to jump again here to invite our you know great judging panel to decide to me and to the team who run this design for change. You all are the Venus. I am inspired by what you design. I am truly inspired by your design. Thank you very much all the finalists. You're going I guess I'm going to just give a class for all of you but we need to have one winner for this design for change. So, , Klan, could you please invite the, , the judging panel to the breakout rooms and then we invite Olivia to give us a 10 minutes brief about , employability team and , you know, our professional at Swinburn and it's about the emerging leaders program and all of these fantastic STEM project that you are involved how you can go ahead with this. Olivia and you have 10 minutes to cover that. >> In my 10 minutes, I'm doing a little bit of a paid announcement just about all of the careers services from the employability team. So, I know from seeing the names of the students in the groups that many of you are already very familiar with our careers services and of course with emerging leader, but I'm going to give you a very quick overview today. So hopefully you are very familiar and know already that in our career services we have events and resources for you no matter what stage you're at in your career journey. But we very much focus our resources on three stages exploring, clarifying and pursuing. And so no matter where you're at we can be providing assistance. And this slide which I can also share with you at a later date gives links to a lot of our different programs and services to show you how you can ask a question, how you can develop your professional purpose, how you can develop your own employment documents such as resumeumés and cover letters etc. And how you can work through that via career start. But also, you can see from this slide, we have lots of different ways to access our services and ask your career questions. Hopefully, you are familiar with career start. It is organized in the same way, explore, clarify, and pursue, but you get to determine your own learning path and you can gain certificates on completion of each module. So you can access tools you through career start such as the réé 360 ré builder. You can have some online interview practice and even practice giving pictures. But you'll of course also have recognition within the emerging leader program. And just quickly because I know you're familiar with it already though those of students who are logged in who aren't, please go to our web page and register for the program. You'll be able to complete as many of these certificates but hopefully at least four to become a Swimburn emerging leader. So as you can see from this slide, you'll document your different activities according to the appropriate category and gain certificates when you align your experiences to the employability skills. You're very familiar with these I'm sure. And I think if you consider the experience you've just had, you'll know that you've certainly been demonstrating a lot of these skills, foremost, communication, but also a number of other skills as well. Those for those of you who aren't familiar with our program, the screen shows how you add your activities and your skill reflections to our emerging leader portal and how you can apply for a certificate. I'd really like you to start thinking about the activities you've been involved with that have been beat as wonderful initiatives. , start talking of course would give you the campus participation certificate. If you haven't been involved in that in previous years, I really encourage you to get involved in second semester and claim that towards your campus participation certificate. Even being an audience member can really help out with that particular activity. Of course design for change. Depending on your initiative, it could be campus participation you claim it under. It might be industry experience. And certainly you can choose from the others as well. Hopefully you'll keep an eye out for the STEM infographic competition which beta will tell you about in the coming months. I'm sure the next initiative which can also assist you to gain an emerging leader certificate. So if you haven't already and I know there's a few emerging leaders amongst our finalists tonight, but if you're not already, think about how you might plan for your emerging leader, the different things that you're involved in that can really contribute to boosting your employability. Don't forget we have resources and we also assess reflections according to a checklist. So it is all good practice for your future job applications and interviews. And if anyone's not sure about their evidence for any activities, we do have this activity declaration form. So certainly you can use one of these or you might just have some screenshots even of tonight's event or your participation. To upload. So that's all from me. Please register for Emerging Leader if you haven't already and please make sure you connect with our services and use our very many career services that are all there to assist you. >> Thank you very much Janet. Thank you for all of this intensive support for this project and all of these initiatives. I guess now I think a Kim can you confirm that the judges they make a decision? >> We did. >> Yes. Okay. This is the exciting time. So I guess what I would like before we announce can I ask everyone to turn on their video because I want to capture this moment that all the finalists are waiting for the winner of the design for change 2021. I am excited. I don't know who it is and I wish if I we could introduce all of these finalists as a winner. So I'm going to capture one photo and I would like if everyone can turn on the video for few seconds and have a smile at for your achievement. You did very well. So, I'm going to have a screenshot and that is going to be three two one smile. All right. Now, could you please let us know one of the judges who's going to introduce us the winner and announce >> the winner? >> I'll do that. Sorry that I do have a mask on. I'm in the still in the workshop today. So that's the reason I still have a mask on. We didn't have a great amount of time to deliberate, but we all came to the same conclusion. They were all very close. But Kim, Minnie, and I we all came to the decision that team Sister Cloud was the strongest in the competition. So congratulations to Team Sister Cloud. And thank you the two other finalists as well for your submissions. >> Yeah, big congratulations to everyone. We didn't get a lot of time to deliberate, but it was close.