# VIDEO: Nursyahida Rashid, Celine Deans, Siti Awg, and Siti Nurmaisara. (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-08-18

Excuse me. I'll give you 50 ringgit if you know what is the Malaysian's national animal. H is it the Malayan tiger? >> Correct. Here's your 50 ringit. The Malayan tiger only found in Peninsula Malaysia and southern Thailand is critically endangered and holds a deep cultural significance. Known as Harima and Papalang, which means uncle stripes, it was officially recognized as a distinct subspecies in 2004. In Malay folklore, tigers are symbols of strength and guardianship representing the wildlands that was dominated. Now, why is Malayan tiger considered as an endangered animal? Well, let me show you. This line graph illustrates the population trend of Malayan tigers in the 1950s to the present. According to this study, Malaysia was estimated to have as many as 3,000 tigers in the 1950s. However, the population size dropped significantly in 1982 and seems to be declining with only 200 Malayan tigers left today. Hence, this information alone serve as enough evidence for us to protect this endangered animal. Let's talk about the causes of endangerment. The first and perhaps most significant threat to the Malayan tigers is poching. They are being hunted and poached for their body parts which are highly valuable in illegal wildlife markets. Another threat to the Malayan tigers is habitat loss which is caused by deforestation. Finally, the battle to save the Malayan tiger is hindered by a lack of awareness and inconsistent law enforcement. While laws exist to protect these tigers, they are often poorly enforced and without widespread awareness, many people don't understand the critical situation tigers face or how their actions contribute to it. Now that we've covered on the urgency of the situation, let's talk about who can make a real change. Our petition today is more than just to spread awareness. It is about pushing for a crucial initiative in establishing a sperm bank in Malaysia. >> But what exactly is a sperm bank? >> A sperm bank collects and freezes sperm for future use, ensuring species can reproduce even if their numbers decline. For endangered species like the Malayan tiger, it helps preserve genetic diversity and supports conservation efforts. Therefore, the government plays a crucial role in this fight. But your voice matters more. Come and sign our petition to help us build Malaysia's first sperm bank for the Malayan tigers.