# VIDEO: Workshop 1 : Adobe XD (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-15

Hi everyone. So this is the first workshop for design for change. I'm Z and I'm joined by Vita who is the senior lecturer in microbio bio microbial technology and will and I'm Adobe digital coach representing Adobe hub and we would be running this workshop as part of the design for change competition and let me just acknowledge the country. We respectfully acknowledge the wary people of the clination who are the traditional owners of the land on which Shimburn's Australian campuses are located and we pay our respect to their elders past, present and emerging. We also acknowledge and respect the traditional owners of islands of the lands across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures and heritage. So as soon students we get free access to Adobe Creative Cloud and we get to access all their apps for free. And in this workshop we will be introducing the design for change 2024 and we'll also introduce Adobe XD demonstrate its key functions saving and testing your prototype and where you can learn more. So on here I would pass it to Vita to explain the design for change 2024. >> Thank you Z. I just now have to if you can please stop sharing then I go and start sharing. Okay. So good afternoon everyone and welcome to the first workshop of the design for change 2024. I just bring the slide. Z can you confirm if you see the slide? >> Yes. >> Yeah. All right. So I guess we are a group of the educators at Swimburn from multidiscipline you know majors and we are offering this shaping STEM futures program which coming under different competitions and today is we are targeting the one that is design for change which is a prototyping competition. What would be the aim of us working with this you know competition and all of this training. We are hoping to support our students to improve their communication and technical progress through this collaborative multidisiplinary project. And we would love to consider that as a 4-minute video which is pitched to the which will be pitched to the industry supervisor sorry the industry collaborate partners. So it's in fact you are irregardless of where what is your major you're going to practice acting as a kind of an inter entrepreneur so sharing your idea. So that way we hoping students to be empowered with a digital literacy and u you are going to these are the required and special skills for your future careers and that is how you're going to be involved with the you know community engagement and industry contributions. Again these are all essential for your future career and these are kind of providing the evidence to your potential interview in future. So what is the final product in the design for change or any of these competitions that ST shaping stem futures offer is a 4minut video. So the audience every time is going to be dead. So this time for design for change we are targeting as I mentioned the industry partner or someone who is interested in your idea. Let's say you are coming with a digital prototype a website or a mobile application as a design solution to a challenge and you want to pitch it to the investors to you know invest in your idea. How you are going to do it? How you come with this design solution in 4 minute? It's a challenge. That's why we would like to offer this opportunity to the students. If this is your assignment or if this is your you know something that you are passionate about it or this is your research you're coming to your prototype is going to unpack a challenge which is aligned with our vision make the world a better place to live. So and it's you can imagine it's capture all of your topics. So our collaborators we have a industry partner who are going to be a one of the judge member during the live showcase for the selected best 4minut videos. So insurance Australian group I A so we have our Swimburn University of Technology Sarak canvas our students competing between from here Australia and Sarowak we have our employability team Adobe team design factory team emerging leaders program and of course we have our collaborative Swimburn woman in STEM club. So who we are? We are a three of us again Kaslan who is a department chair of computing technology at Simburn myself I'm a senior lecturer right now I'm working with the work integrated learning wheel academic but I'm coming from school of science so and of course Irene from Sarowak who is also a senior lecturer from school of engineering and science So again like any competitions there is a judging criteria for you to consider but it's about how you're going to identify a challenge and how you are going to your design is coming to explain coming with the solution and how that is going to how you deliver the content and how you take us through this some steps of your design solution as a like a prototype. It could be a physical prototype, it could be a digital prototype. So and then you know the clarity of communication and the delivery of that it's very important in a format of 4 minute video. So the sorry this has to be changed 2024. So we already had our design for CH 2024 3. So anyway, this is open to all the port participants and competitor competitors from Swimburn and we have this is Adobe XD. We have Adobe Express video because we want you to you know how to create 4minute video. That is an option. You don't have to use Adobe application but that is our suggestion because we have Adobe coaches or amazing Adobe coaches who can support you. So we also have a guest speaker from our industry partner IG to cover the startup pitch presentation because again if you're coming from different discipline you don't know how to pitch your idea in front of investors then that is the training for you. So you are going to submit a 300 words around identifying the outline of your design to myself by 20th of May. Your video submission is going to be a kind of a 4m minute startup video on your design idea by 27th of May. If this is your assignment, I'm sure by that time you already have this assignment ready. And again this is a competition for 2024 and the live showcase is going to happen on Thursday 30th of May. You will be invited if you're select if your video is selected to be judged by our judges who are coming from you know factory of design who are coming from the wheel team and also from industry. So, the judge's choice price is up to 400 bucks for four minute video. You're going to get a certificate of participation and you're going to get a credit as part of the emerging latest program. If you don't know what is it, you can ask me, send me an email. I will explain. And of course, the story of success will be published at Swimburn newsletter for a winner of 2024. So if you're interested, you can just you know grab this QR code and go to the story of success of air fun who was the winner in 2023. It's a great story and yeah for any concern or question please just be in contact with me. So I guess I would like to stop sharing and I pass to Z to cover the Adobe XD training. Thank you Z. >> Thank you VA beta. That was a great presentation. I will share my screen to introduce to everyone Adobe XD. So just to reiterate if you're a student at Swimburn you will have access free access to Adobe Creative Cloud apps. So this is how XD looks like. I'm a UX student so all my projects are down here but underneath here you will find all your recent projects and over here you can explore your files what's shared with you and all that and then over here you'll be able to see preset artboard sidelit. So let's try to click into one and you would be able to see something like this. Hang on let me just reshare the new window. Yep. So if I clicked into a web 1920 basically kind of a typical average website size you'll be able to see the first artboard which is the side that you have chosen. So if you want to add like different layout sizes you can go into artboards here and then you can choose a bunch of different other different sizes. So on the left we have the sidebar contains a select tool, shapes, pen tool, text, artboards, and even a search bar. And down here we have the document assets, layers, and plugins. Up here we have a home button, a design screen, which is your working space. And we also have a prototype tab where we will go into this further into the workshop. But in the prototype tab, you will be able to add interactions. So, making your website clickable and hover adding hover animations and things like that. And then on the shared page, when you have more screens, you'll be able to share this with your peers and your like to share as a link to share your prototype over here. So, I'm going to open our demo and just going to show you what it looks like. Okay, please give me one second. Yep. So, here is just like a demo of a workshop example. You can just have a look at I'm not sure whether you may be able to see this. >> Oh yes. >> So yeah. So if you if you have access to this page, we might need to double check with that, but you can contact Adobe Hub and we can pass you this workshop example if you would like. But let me just demonstrate for you the capabilities of XD. If you play basically kind of prototype this is an app. So if you prototype an app and then you want to demonstrate how it looks like this is you can you can be able to see how this would work. So in an app you have like a sticky navigation bar you can scroll and you can like access different pages and things like that. And then typically you can add more interactions if you want. You can press these pictures and everything you want. So let's get into it. So I want to demonstrate to you how all the very basics of XD. We have kind of a limited time. So I'll try to cover everything. So if you command or control and click and drag, you'll be able to zoom in or zoom out or use your space bar to pan across your workspace. So that's easy. And in this workspace, you'll be able to see different art boards. So, like I mentioned earlier, you're able to add different screen sizes of artboards if you just click on this artboard icon right here. And or you can also just copy like copy this size by holding option key or alt on a windows and then you'll be able to get a new artboard the size of the one that you just duplicated. So, we would I would like to introduce plugins. , I think mostly you would be able to use icons or even Lauram ipsson. Lauram Ipsson basically placeholder text. So if you if you click this, you can just any I need the text box. If you have a text box and you want to fill it with placeholder text, you can just click place f placeholder text. Oh, I'm not working. Hang on. So you can just insert a text and it should be able to fill in Lauram Ipsson for you. And so in your artboards you are able to use guides. So if you're familiar with other Adobe apps, you would be able to drag in guides from the sides. Hang on. You'll be able to drag in guides to align your design. And these will basically be blue lines. And if you want to align your objects, it will be much easier if you have guides and just keep it consistent and everything. If you want to remove the guides, you can just drag it off that artboard and it'll be gone. So, there are different capabilities you can do on this tab right here. So, here you'll be able to draw shapes. And you can change their settings over here depending on the item you have selected. For example, if you have text, they will have different functions on the right panel. So just to go through on the text panel, you have transform, which is moving the element. So you can adjust yourself where the x-axxis would be. So if you wanted it to be 50 pixels from the left corner, the left edge, then you can just input that your numbers over here or you can just drag it however you want. And there would also be numbers showing up as pink text over here just to let you know how far away it is from the edge or from other items if you just click alt key or option key on a Mac and you'll be able to see the distance between other elements. So you are able to change the font of the text as well as the size as well as whether you want it to be all caps, all small letters or sentence case as well as superscript, subscript, underline, strike through. And over here you'll be able to add you'll be able to change the colors of the text as well as adding a border which will add it around the text the text itself. So after that you'll be able to customize the text however you want and do it as much as you want to respond to your design needs. So the next thing I would go through is repeat grids. So over here there is a button called repeat grid right here on the right corner. So what repeat grid helps you do is seamlessly add allow you to add your duplicate your elements symmetrically on like horizontally or vertically. So you would be able to drag however many boxes in this case you want across your page and you can even adjust the gutter space by dragging the space in between and then adjusting it yourself. Or you can also or you can also just like adjust your own parent shape and then you can add different things inside and it will it will just like respond and duplicate itself. So then after that I would go through the artboard heights. So let's just leave it here for now. So, as you can see, this is one screen. So, this would fit perfectly on one of the screens. I believe it might be iPhone 14. And you would be able to drag this artboard to allow for vertical scrolling. Please be aware that this blue line right here marks the end of the screen. And please do not move it or else it would change the resolution basically the screen size of your starting your starting like page. So if you allow it to just flow on while keeping the blue line there you'll be able to allow for scrolling. Let me just demonstrate. So I would put this past the blue line and then if you if you play you would be able to scroll and see the content. However, if you move the blue line it would just it would adjust this whole screen size itself without kind of responding to any mobile size. So yes, so that's one very important thing to keep in mind. And on the prototype as I mentioned before you have sticky navigation. So this is also one of the options on the right hand side. You may have seen the fixed position when scrolling. So this is a button where you can click to fix the element on the screen. So if I turn this off, you would be able to see that it follows the page and doesn't stick at the bottom section. So if you turn it on, it would it would stick wherever you want on this screen and then just hold its place while you allow for vertical scrolling. Yes. So if you want you can play around, you can pause this recording and play around with shapes and art boards. And then once you have a wireframe ready, you may you may want to decorate it, add images. You can add images by making a box over here. You can make a box. And then under fill, you can also add it here. You can add color like linear gradients, angular gradients and all that. Or you can also drag the image. If you're on a Mac, you can just drag the image into the box as well. I believe if you are on a Windows you might need to attach images like by dragging in. I'm not completely sure about that since I'm on a Mac but yes and then after you are complete you may come up with an app design that looks like this. So when you're ready you can jump into prototyping. >> So I just want to ask you a question. So I can see with your design working example, it's kind of >> Okay. So I can see all of the text and the images and the boxes that you added, but I can see there is a background on the screen. So is that different to what you just explained or how that search button or that so yeah the background is going to be appear. >> Oh, right. You mean like this picture? Okay. Yeah. So, if you if you look over here, okay, so if this background is basically like the back of the screen, right? So, it's the background of the prototype itself, the design. So, you would be able to just add images on here. Let me just demonstrate by pulling up an image and dragging it in here. , give me one second. Let me just pull up an image. Yeah. So, if I were to just drag an image onto here, you're able to see it's really huge. Yeah. So, I've just dragged an image in here. You can just if you just drag it onto a screen and just like proportionately fit it over the screen, it will become a background. So you can alter the opacity if you want over here. >> Yeah. >> If you want to just adjust the opacity according to what the background color is. So, if I wanted to have it have it like have a white overlay, I could just decrease the decrease the opacity >> or I can or I can add a layer of overlay colors however I want and then just adjust the opacity over here over here. So, yeah. So, this is how you produce like a background image. And then as for these, I'm pretty sure that it's just the white of the artboard itself. Thank you. >> Yep. So, if you if you wanted to have a scrolling a vertical scrolling screen and you wanted one picture across the entire thing, this would be how the home looks like. So, if it's one huge screen, when you scroll, it's still like the image is like stuck onto the artboard. Yeah. However, if you wanted to fix it in position like we discussed just now, you select the image If you want it to fix position, then when you scroll, it will it will fix on its spot. Yep. So, let me just demonstrate. Sorry, wrong thing. Yeah. Let me just demonstrate the with the repeat grid. Yep. You'll be able to scroll and then the picture is stuck like fixed position on the artboard. Yes. So, thank you for that question. Then for let's jump into prototyping. So, in prototyping I will go through the simpler prototyping and then we can dive into components later on as it's a little bit more complicated. But to understand prototyping, it basically allows you to link each of your pages to each other or basically let your buttons work. So on this working example, as you can see in this, if I present this, you'll be able to press on categories and it will navigate to the categories page. And if I click on favorites, it will navigate to the favorites page. So over here you'll be able to see that you will you will see this blue box that basically that basically signals that you have selected this artboard and this button here signifies that you can prototype it basically link it to the screen that you want it to lead to. But if you select the entire artboard it means that anywhere you click on the artboard will link to that page. So if you wanted to just make one element lead to the next the next page then you will have to select the element itself and then let me just demonstrate this with the shop. So it will it will look like this and then there would be an individual blue arrow over here and if you click on that you'll be able to adjust all these settings. So, if I wanted this shop to navigate to categories, for example, you will see that this let's think. Oops. You will see that this arrow follows links it to the artboard visually. So, if I were to adjust the destination, I could just drag this arrow over here and then it will it will be linked to this page. So now if I go into my preview and I click on shop, it will navigate to the categories page which we just linked. So if you wanted to delete it, you can just press the delete button or you can also adjust some animations. You can slide left and it will look like this. Slide left or you can slide down as well. And we just go into here. Yep. And then this allows you to have more freedom in how you want your transitions to roll. And at the same time, you might also want to adjust the triggers as well. So typically on a website or an app, you would be tapping more than you drag or use keys or voice, but those options are there if you need it. And the transition types are also important as autoan animate allows you to basically adjust readjust all the elements on the screen to neatly transition to the next screen. Sometimes it becomes a little strange. So you might need to use you might need to evaluate on that. As you can see if you go into if we press shop and then you can see these pictures jump into the squares. Sometimes a bit strange but at times it could be it could be useful. So do evaluate on that and then there are also other possibilities that you can adjust as well. So then this is basic the most basics of prototyping. So once you have understood prototyping you will be able to make the actual buttons. So on here let's just clear this. So, going back to our design page, let's make a button. And I will teach you how to make a component. So, let's just get rid of this grid line. So, I pressed R on my keyboard to instantly make a rectangle. And you can use these circular dots to adjust the curvatures of the corners. And or you can just adjust it by value over here. Yep. So, you can also adjust the colors and the shape of this shape. And you can also adjust the border colors and all that. So, let's just stick with this box for now. I'm also going to add some text that just says button. Wow, that's looks strange. Okay, so let's just pretend that this is our button. So with this button we want it to first guide us to some other page. So when we want to create components are basically you are able to kind of make some elements fixed. So for example buttons if you want to reuse this button you can just duplicate the component and if you change the main component then it will basically change the rest of its copies. So it will make more sense as I make the component. So if I click this component plus button over here it will make the component over here it says it has brackets main which means that this is the main component. You can also see that it's main because of this green diamond shaped symbol over here. It also means that it's the main component. So when you have a component, you have a different states. So state of a component basically just means that this button can have different versions of itself. So if I add an a hover state for example, it will just automatically animate to change to the hover state when I hover in my prototype. So in this hover state, if I selected the hover state and I wanted this button to change colors, let's just change it to blue for example and then and then change this text to white. In our preview, you'll be able to see that in the default. Okay. Once you hover, it will become blue. Yep. So you can see like this. So, if I were to make if I were to duplicate this component to reuse this style of a button, you can see that it becomes a white diamond with a green border. And it basically does the same thing, but you are able to change the text. So, button two, if you're able to you're able to change the text and it wouldn't touch the main component. However, it will like this thing that XD does, it wouldn't update the states all by itself. So, you may have to update it but kind of by yourself. But if you're in a main component and you want to change the text over here, I believe that you would be able to update it in the hover state as well. So if you wanted to if you have edited the child components which are basically the duplicates of the main component if you want it to become consistent again there is a button over here I'm not sure you can see okay it can say where is it here it can say reset to main state which will basically reset it to its original its original components. So it will follow the main component as much as you change it. So if I go three and then if I wanted to reset it to main state, it will become two again because it will follow the main component. So yes, that is components hover state. If you wanted it to be oops, if you wanted it to be a toggle which is over here. Basically toggles how toggles will work is you can press on it to toggle it like on and off. So over here, if I change the color again, if I change the color over here in the preview, you'll be able to toggle it on and toggle it off. So you can toggle the state on and off. , however, if you wanted to just have it be a hover state and then you link it to another page, how it would look like is okay. So, how you would how you would prototype this button is by going to the prototype page and then this lightning symbol basically just means that it has a hover state attached to it. You can just add a new link to by pressing this plus button and dragging it to the page that you want it to go to. So over here I will navigate it to our empty categories page and you will realize that you when you hover over it your mouse becomes a pointer and when you click into it will go into the categories page like so. Yes. So then that is kind of like the basics of components. You can add a bunch of different states as if you want to say prototype if you wanted to change if you wanted it to change to another like another state you can as well by okay let's say I wanted to add another new state so this is just another state that it will say like clicked let's have a clicked state in prototype. If you wanted to change the state itself, you can see that the interaction I wanted them to tap it and then and then I wanted it to move into its own state. So how this would work is if you press on the button, it will go to the new state instead of moving to the next page. So that is also an option that you can make with components. And this is kind of just the basics of the components. Is there anything else? I think that is all for components. Yes. So let's move on to sharing. So for sharing I will demonstrate how this will look like. For sharing. >> See, before you go, sorry, before you go with the sharing, can you remind me again with the >> categories one and favorites one that you made here. So I see that search button all the timing and you know it's kind of a symbol of exactly what we can see in our mobile application because I'm coming from the science background. So I just I'm interested to know all of those component is going to be designed in that categories by adding the boxes and all of those symbols before you go to the prototype and connect them together. That's how this is going to be assembled. So each single item a text and everything that is there you add it. >> Yes. , so there are also this thing called UI kits that you'll be able to find online if you just Google UI kits and there's like a bunch of different resources. But what I like to use personally is I have a plugin over here called icons for design. So how you can plug in is by pressing this plus button over here to discover plugins and it should open up your Adobe app. , hang on. Okay. So, it should open your Adobe Creative Cloud and >> your Adobe Creative Cloud and you would have >> Yeah, I know that sometimes Oh, okay. You got it. >> Yeah. Okay. Yes. Sorry. Yeah. So, I just clicked discover plugin and it just popped up my Adobe Creative Cloud tab. And basically there's just a lot of different plugins you can choose from, but I really like to use icons for design. So let me just go back to the example. So if I were to click icons for design, you can see that let me just search magnifying glass or just search. So if you click search, there is a bunch of available icons for you to choose from. So you don't have to design everything all by yourself. You just have to >> arrange it into like arrange the assets into where you want it to go. So in terms of this time and Wi-Fi symbols and all, I believe they're taken from the iOS UI kits and actually in this workshop example like this workshop assets page, you will have all these UI kits available. Please contact Adobe Hub because I do not have the current updated link. Hopefully you would be able to have access to that in the near future. But you would be able to create recreate the search bar easily. Let me just demonstrate. You could use an the R key once again in the design path. The R key to make a bar and then you can curve the sides using these blue circles. And then let me just drag this search bar over here. So you can have this search icon and you can change the color of it as well. So if I wanted it to be gray, I can have it gray over here. And then I wanted it to search. So I can have a search. I can also have it in gray in color. I can also change the font to whatever I want. And I can make it smaller to fit into this box right here. So if you wanted to align your objects as well, this also quite useful to know, but you might be familiar with this with from other Adobe apps. But you'll be able to align your elements using these symbols up here. So if I click this, they will all align on the top of the edge or they can all centrally align or align on the bottom edge or this one is called distribution. So if I were to distribute these objects, how it would look like is if I had a lot of search and if I wanted to make them all neat, I can align them straight and have them to have equal spacing between them, then this is what this is for. So this is just the horizontal alignments and this is the vertical alignments. Yeah. So it's you can easily make a search bar. You can basically finish this within 5 seconds. Then you can copy and paste this into your other your other pages as well. However, I also suggest that if you wanted to keep this consistent, you can make this a component like we like we discussed earlier. And if you press if you go into favorites and then you have the search bar duplicated across this. If I wanted to change this text, what are you looking for? And then just update it. You can see that all these components have updated as well. So you don't have to go into each page and just copy and paste like repeating the process. You can change it however you want to. But just make sure that if you do touch this, you will have to reset it back to the main state because it will just detach itself from the main component. >> Yeah. So, yeah, thank you. So, do you have any other questions? I think I've gone through kind of a crash course of all that. Seeing as we are kind of in a time crunch, I will go through the share function. So on the share tab, you can see that all of these all of my artboards have been selected in blue. And if I were to send this link, basically the receiver will be able to open the link on the on their like on the web browser and they would be able to see all of my artboards. So I can edit the link name over here. I can have a view setting. There are different view settings. There is a design review which you can just see all your artboards and how it works and all that. And there are also different ways you can share your work as well for developers, presentation, user testing or customizing the viewing experience. And you can also adjust your link access permissions with these selections over here. And then once you create the link, you will be able to you'll be able to select like a copy the link and then send it to people you want to share it with. Yeah. So it's just creating the public link for now. It will take some time as there are a lot of assets but while it's doing that yeah so here is the link that you can just copy add it to the hands and all that. So another thing you might be interested in is to share a flow. So a flow is what you get when you have prototyped when you have prototyped a series of pages that are linked to each other. So you can see that in here all the prototyping lines are all connected among these three artboards whereas none of them are connected to here. So no element is going to navigate to any artboard outside of these three. So what you can do is you can see this gray tab over here. If you press on this gray tab, it will mark this as a homepage. So the first the first screen as a homepage and it will label itself flow one. So basically it will only share these three artboards and all the artboards that are connected to the homepage and all these this experience basically it will basically just only share these three artboards and if you go into share it would also create a link automatically for you as flow one. So, as you can see, it only selected flow one because if this is what you want to share with your client or developers and you don't want them to see your other artboards that may not be relevant to your most updated project, then you may choose to share the flow. So, it would just share your final screen and anything that is interactive within those screens. So same thing you can just create the link and then if you share the link the receiver will only be able to see these artboards >> and you will have to update the link after you make any changes to your to your prototype or else it wouldn't be accessible like your newer updates would not be accessible to your receivers. So yes anything else? Yes. So that's all for sharing and yeah honestly a lot of these functions are quite self-explanatory. You would be able to use these tools on other Adobe apps as well and you would be able to create elements on other Adobe apps and copy paste it into XD and I believe it should be able to respond properly and you can find out with find out more plugins as well to aid you in simpler design process so you can save some time on making the elements and just use these icons for free. And over here I think I could also show you these are the document assets. So you will have a whole page full of components and if you look over here there should be some components right here. You can see your collection of components over here. And if you wanted to duplicate this main component, you can just drag it onto the artboard and it will it will duplicate the main component for you. And then on the layers, I think here, yep, on the artboards, you will be able to see all your artboards currently available for you. And if you click into Yep. If you click into here, you'll be able to see, it will open up the page, the artboard, and then you can see specifically your layers. So you can see what is you can just adjust what is on the backmost layer and what is on the front most. So yeah, so this is all quite tangible for you to easily design. And there are also a ton of different functions over here varying depending on the element that you have chosen. So responsive resizing is also a kind of a whole topic in of itself. You may find more help from Adobe Hub if you would like more information on responsible resizing I mean responsive resizing and which basically means you'll be able to access your prototype on both laptop screen, mobile screen and all that with ease. And yeah, so it has a automatic responsive resize, but you could also change it yourself if you have unique elements that need to be pushed a certain way to fit your screen. And yeah, so different components will have like different layout setting, different appearance setting and then you can experiment on your own by just making different shapes and experimenting by clicking everything. And I think one of the most important functions as well could also be this button, these buttons right here. I believe some designers may not be very familiar with these buttons, but this is basically a constraint of scrolling. So if I had if I had a repeat grid over here, if I had a repeat grid over here, but I wanted it to be vertically scrollable, you will realize that in a preview you wouldn't be able to scroll it vertically. I mean horizontally scrolling it. So how you would tackle that situation is you would press this scrolling function. So it's called scroll groups and you can basically constrain it to the edges of your screen and then it will be able to scroll horizontally. So if you have a slideshow or anything like that, this scroll group function may be very useful. So in terms of this square, it basically allows you to constrain all edges. So you'll be able to navigate around your scroll group as this is like a bigger element and you'll be able to constrain it into a small box and then your viewers would be able to like scroll around and explore within the box itself. Yes, I think those are all the main functions. Others are quite easy to figure out. So yeah, so I would just like to also state that if you ever need more help hang on, let me just move to the Adobe to our presentation. Yes to our >> that would be informative for students who are looking for more advanced or if you are going to practice considering what's share with you today. So that was just the introduction to Adobe XD and all the features available to you. So once you experience and learn by practice. So you are welcome to come back get an appointment with the Adobe coaches and >> yeah so feel free to visit the Adobe hub. Apologies for this image resolution, but if you would like to get more information and basically learn more about all the Adobe apps, you can visit us Adobe Hub on level 3 of the library and from Tuesdays to Thursdays from 11:00 a. M. To 2 p. M. There should be Adobe coach over there to help you out with any Adobe apps. And you can also book us like book a session or book a coach using this link down here or you can also follow our Instagram up here or send us an email if you have any questions and yeah we hope to see you soon and good all the best for your design for change competition. Thank you so much Ze for your valuable time sharing your experience considering you're the student in a design that's kind of a peer-to-peer support to students and I love this type of the partnership between educators between the students between us educators and the students. So yeah, as he mentioned, we would love to you know get feedback from you and if you are interested to share your idea, your design idea to any challenge that could be aligned with our vision make the world a better place to live. Please be in contact with us. So as I mentioned the live showcase will be in week 13. I'm sure if there is an assignment, if there is an activity you're involved that should be completed by that time, don't hesitate to contact us. The next training will be Adobe Express video to help you to create 4minut video. Thank you so much everyone. >> Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. Thank you.