# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2024 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Start talking 2024. Welcome everyone and I guess this slide is a bit of the housekeeping. So this session is going to be recorded and if you can please add your student ID and please make sure that you turn off your audio and video and please make sure that once we invite you to share your video the in case of the group entry please sub be ready to share your video with the audio and of course we are going to have a slido and a cahoot questions once our judges are going to make a decision. So this is very intensive session. We have nine videos to be watched and we aim to manage in 45 minutes. So that means we only have up to 30 seconds or max one minute for one question from the judges or a comment or feedback. So before I start inviting the students, I would like to go to begin by acknowledging the war people of the K nation as the traditional owners of the land on which we are u meeting today and I also would like to consider indigenous people of Malaysia. We pay our respects to the eldest past, present and emerging. Before we start, we would like to have an idea about how do you think is import how important is communication for your career. So you have 30 seconds to or you could you know take this QR code and answer the question. So we give you 30 seconds and then I would like to invite Castelon to share the answers with us. >> Great. >> Aslan, can you see that the answers are coming? >> Yes. Yes. >> Thank you. I'll just give maybe now 20 seconds for us to understand the importance of communication especially where we are going to work whether this is the study whether it's communication with your peers with your supervisor or you are at work your internship your placement so could you please share with us that how many percentage age of our students or audience agree with A or B and C and which one is the maximum percentage? >> Okay, at the moment we have A at still moving. So we have A at 89%. >> Beautiful. >> And B at 11%. >> Beautiful. Okay. So I guess most of us are in the same page that we know that communication is important and you want to do you know more tips and more advice so then you can improve it and that's why you are here in a start talking. So we have nine competitors today and you might plan to come and join us in the start talking 2025 just to improve your communication. With a broader audience. So the star talking is a public speaking competition at Swimburn. We invite your family members, your friends from across different disciplines to be the witness of your video which is coming with a clear message on an innovative idea to unpack a challenge and of course with the social impact. So just quickly after I finish the slides I invite the first competitors to share the video and we have four minutes for each video and as I said because we have limited time we are going to keep it very short for a one question or one feedback or comment from one of the amazing judges that we have today and then the judges will be in the breakout rooms to make a decision. Of the judges choice for 2024 and at the same time in the main room we are playing a cohort question based on the video and we are going to have a QR code again with the slido to choose the people's choice and then by 6:00 p. M. We are going to announce the winner and of course we are going to have a one screenshot photo as a memory of today's start talking 2024 with the smile. All right. So I guess three of us from across two campuses here in Simburn in Australia. Myself and Keslan and Irene from Sarave. We are running this program since 2019 and we have our amazing collaborators from LTU at Swimburn career and employability team, insurance Australia group Barundra City Council, Sowak colleagues and of course we have the Royal Society of Victoria and of course the passionate students and our mentors. So today the judging panel we are going to have Nick and Celia in the room and Mike and Adam they already shared their feedbacks with us in the online scoring. So and this is our finalist. So we have six group that they have a group entry for the 4m minute video and we have three individual entry. So with this I would like to stop sharing and invite the first group to start sharing your video and that would be >> so Sal I think it's your team are going to be the first team if you can please share your video. With the full screen. >> Hello everyone, we are Aqua Sustain and we will be talking about the incentivizing water efficiency. Before we start, I'd like to introduce our team. My name is Virginia and my teammates are Kartiga, Zunide, Ted and Iscanda. The contents of our video will consist of an introduction, challenges, solutions and conclusion. I will be explaining shortly about our focus which is the social innovation challenge on incentivizing water efficiency the difficulty of encouraging individuals and industries to prioritize it. Our SIC is based on sustainable development goals number six target 6. 4 enhancing water use efficiency by 2030 ensuring sustainable freshwater withdrawals and combat water scarcity which eventually reduces the people affected by it. Our project focuses on Sarawa where most rural areas are facing lack of clean water resources. What encouraged our curiosity was Kong Payawang. The water filtration was built in 2014. Yet in 2024, they still need to fix the system from time to time. Not to mention it takes a 40minute walk to the filter. The filter is made out of basic filtration method and it takes a lot of manpower to clean it every two weeks. Our example of the issue that we are likely to face for water management is an issue that we currently facing in Saawa which is the constant delays of water projects 12 to be exact with a completion rate of 51. 9% and a total of 1. 6 billion ringit costing for 36 in both Saba and Sarowak over 32,000 households being affected especially in the rural areas the situation was already dire in 2014 as it was reported that the Sab River was drying up causing less water supplies for the locals. Now we are to talk about the interruption of water projects. Hindrance to water projects arise from lengthy pre-contract processes like hiring consultants and institutional inefficiencies such as slow tender evaluations and policy shifts. COVID 19 disrupted supply chains and schedules. Local protests, poor contractor performance, unreliable data and competing water demands complicated the progress. Misallocated funds and political influence further delayed these projects. >> Now the question arises, how can we tackle this issue? In our project, we explore membrane technology as a potential solution to water challenges in Sarawak. Focusing on two main types, traditional membrane technology and gravitydriven membrane systems. So, this is what a gravitydriven membrane looks like. The GDM system offers key benefits for rural areas by being energy efficient, using gravity instead of electricity, and maintaining consistent water flow, which lowers operational costs. Its biological layer helps purify water and with granular activated carbon p treatment it enhances water quality making it suitable for decentralized supplies. However, GDM systems face limitations such as limited ability to remove dissolved organic carbon and potential membrane fouling that requires maintenance. High costs for ceramic materials and issues with particle clogging also pose challenges along with technical hurdles to achieve optimal performance. So why do we choose GDM? GDM technology ensures sustainable water access and aligns perfectly the goals of SG6 to improve water availability in undeserved communities. The issue is saw this sad delay water projects is not that it's not that people don't have water but rather there's no clean water for them. So we choose GDM to treat rain water as a solution. It is suitable due to its low energy requirement as it mainly uses gravity and minimum maintenance is required. Meaning less operational costs effective for rainy countries due to its anti- turbility and microgressence features decentralized system and affordable all things that are suitable for rural communities. Thank you. If you can stop sharing just considering the time if you agree I think we could just share the feedback at the end. Nick and Celia is that okay? >> That's okay. >> Yes, I think that's a good idea. >> Beautiful. I would like to invite the microplastic crisis to join next. If you can share your video, please. Microplastics are flooding our oceans with up to 0. 37 million tons of plastic waste entering the seas each year. This threatens marine ecosystems, chokes wildlife, and disrupts the food chain. As the world's fifth largest contributor to marine plastic pollution, Malaysia's plastic waste endangers ocean biodiversity and poses serious risks to both wildlife and human health. Marine plastic pollution is a critical issue and one of its main drivers is urbanization and industrial activity. Modern city life thrives on convenience with plastic use being a significant part of that. Let's start with macroplastics. Most of it comes from food packaging, bottle caps, plastic bags, straws, stirers, and beverage containers. These plastics typically end up in one of three places, landfills, incinerators, or the ocean. Plastic pollution is damaging marine ecosystems and entering the food chain. But what if nature could help solve this crisis? Recent studies show that microgy can help biodegrade microplastics, offering a natural eco-friendly solution to restore our oceans. Microgy are photosynthetic microorganisms that are highly adaptable. They can thrive in various environmental conditions including polluted waters making them ideal candidates for large scale bio remediation efforts by using sunlight and carbon dioxide. They power their metabolic processes including the potential breakdown of plastics. Microguy provide a sustainable scalable and cost effective solution to plastic pollution easily grown in bioreactors or polluted waters with minimal energy. But how does it work? Let's break down the mechanism. Step one, attachment. Micro attached to microplastics forming a biofilm that supports microbial growth and begins the degradation process. Step two, enzyme secretion. The microbes secrete specific enzymes lipes and sterises which break down the plastic polymers. Step three, oxidative degradation. Reactive oxygen species are produced which degrade plastics susceptible to photo oxidation further accelerating the process. Step four, degraded products. The byproducts of these degradation are organic compounds and nutrients that are safely released into the environment contributing to ecosystem health. One promising solution for treating polluted water is the combination of microalgae and bacteria which form what we call bofilm. This natural system effectively targets organic pollutants, heavy metals and even small plastic fragments in the water. Now let's talk about its advantages. This microalgae bacterial bofilm can break down organic pollutants and degrade heavy metals from polluted water. What's more, it can further metabolize smaller plastic fragments. It's also energy efficient, powered by natural sunlight. So, it requires minimal energy input and no chemical additives. However, there are a few challenges. Some types of microplastics are resistance to microbiode and plastics with strong chemical bonds are harder to break down. Despite this, the biofilm remains a promising option. The success of this bofilm comes from the symbiotic relationship between the microalgae and bacteria. Together they work in harmony to clean up the water in a cost-effective and eco-friendly way. Embracing circular economy principles helps conserve natural resources and significantly reduces waste sent to landfills. To reduce plastic consumption, we should avoid single-use plastics, purchase reusable products and choose alternative packaging material. Furthermore, investing in recycling and recovery infrastructure ensures plastic waste is managed efficiently, helping preserve the planet for future generations. This innovation is crucial for achieving SDG-14, life below water. If our project succeeds, the social impacts could be transformative. We'll create cleaner, healthier oceans that protect marine biodiversity while drastically reducing microplastics in our food chain. But it goes beyond just the environment. By raising awareness and engaging communities, we're inspiring real change in how people view and tackle micro plastic pollution. In the long run, this could reshape policies on plastic use, spur innovation in eco-friendly solutions, and enhance public health by minimizing the risk associated with microplastic injection. A thriving ocean leads to a brighter future for us all. So much group number two. Do we have any comments Nick or we are going to keep it at the end? So meanwhile we are waiting. I >> think we'll just keep it to the end. >> Sure. Nick, I would like to invite group three stop ocean plastic pollution please to share your video. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening ladies and gentlemen. Today this video is going to talk about ocean plastic pollution. So the most important question of all would be what is sea pollution or ocean pollution or even ocean plastic pollution? Well, to answer your question, maybe by showing you these photos would give you a very brief idea of what it is. So where does plastic come from and how does it end up in the ocean? Now to answer these questions, let's look at the left side here. These are the most commonly found plastics in the ocean. Here we have straws, paper cups and plates, cigarette butts, singleuse plastic bags, food wrappers and even beverage bottles. Now these plastics are caused by littering where these trash would end up in the streams and drains through winds or even rains that would flow towards the ocean. So the next most frequent question asked would be how much plastic waste ends up in the ocean? As it turns out around 0. 5% of plastic waste ends up in the ocean. Well, you may think that this isn't much, but 353 million tons of plastic waste is mismanaged and among them 1. 7 million tons have been transported to the ocean. Not to mention 6 million tons of plastic waste that have been linked to the rivers and coast that may also be end up in the ocean as well. Well, let's look at this data right here. This data is about the world's top 10 ocean plastic contributors where they release plastic waste the most into the oceans. We can see that Philippines is on the top with 350 million tonses of plastic waste per year. India the second with 126,000 tons and Malaysia at the third with 73,000 tons. So, how are going to stop these comics from becoming reality? Such as animals dying, trash becoming mythical creatures, or even marine life crying for help because they have no place to stay. So, in order to solve this problem, we're introducing the Seab Bean Project. How does the Sebin project works? Now let's imagine this is the river. Inside the river, there is a rubbish bin just barely submerged inside it. This rubbish bin is here to collect rubbish that has been floating on the surface of the water. But as we mentioned before, there may be plastic food wraps or even plastic plates that have been contaminated with oil. In order to separate the oil from the water, we have installed water pipes below the trash can so that water can flow through the pipe using a pump. And inside our pump, there are filters to filter out the oil so that cleaner water would be released back into the water and the trash can be collected by us. So the seaman project has been started since July 2020 and we have already captured over 120 tons of marine return from Sydney harbor. Besides that we have also filtered more than 23. 6 billion liters of water from microplastics and liter as well as in 223 we collected over 4. 7 million plastic items including 2. 3 million tons of microplastic. Thank you for watching this video. >> Thank you so much. If you can stop sharing and I would like to invite group four the light of Malayan tiger to share your video. Make sure you tick the sounds and with the full screen please. Excuse me. I'll give you 50 ringgit if you know what is the Malaysian's national animal. >> H is it the Malayan tiger? >> Correct. Here's your 50 ringit. The Malayan tiger only found in Peninsula Malaysia and southern Thailand is critically endangered and holds a deep cultural significance. Known as Harima and Papalang, which means uncle stripes, it was officially recognized as a distinct subspecies in 2004. In Malay folklore, tigers are symbols of strength and guardianship representing the wild lands that once dominated. Now, why is Malayan tiger considered as an endangered animal? Well, let me show you. This line graph illustrates the population trend of Malayan tigers in the 1950s to the present. According to this study, Malaysia was estimated to have as many as 3,000 tigers in the 1950s. However, the population size dropped significantly in 1982 and seems to be declining with only 200 Malayan tigers left today. Hence, this information alone serve as enough evidence for us to protect this endangered animal. >> Let's talk about the causes of endangerment. The first and perhaps most significant threat to the Malayan tigers is poaching. They are being hunted and poached for their body parts which are highly valuable in illegal wildlife markets. Another threat to the Malayan tigers is habitat loss which is caused by deforestation. Finally, the battle to save the Malayan tiger is hindered by a lack of awareness and inconsistent law enforcement. While laws exist to protect these tigers, they are often poorly enforced and without widespread awareness, many people don't understand the critical situation tigers face or how their actions contribute to it. Now that we've covered on the urgency of the situation, let's talk about who can make a real change. Our petition today is more than just to spread awareness. It is about pushing for a crucial initiative in establishing a sperm bank in Malaysia. >> But what exactly is a sperm bank? >> A sperm bank collects and freezes sperm for future use, ensuring species can reproduce even if their numbers decline. For endangered species like the Malayan tiger, it helps preserve genetic diversity and supports conservation efforts. Therefore, the government plays a crucial role in this fight, but your voice matters more. Come and sign our petition to help us build Malaysia's first sperm bank for the Malayan tigers. Thank you so much. , I would like to invite group number five to start sharing your video. Please make sure that it's with the full screen and the audio. I guess we're just inviting everyone to focus their inspiring ideas but yeah please stay tuned we are coming with the feedbacks at the end. Group number five as the world becomes increasingly digitalized digital literacy has become a key skill for individuals to thrive in the modern world. So what is digital literacy? Digital literacy is the ability to navigate and use digital platforms for communication, learning, and information in line with sustainable development goal for target 4. 4, which aims to significantly increase the number of youth and adults equipped with relevant skills for employment, decent jobs, and entrepreneurship by 2030. Our challenge focuses on developing digital literacy and technical skills for youth in Malaysia, specifically for those living in rural areas. This is our challenge because a UNICEF survey found that 64% of Malaysian respondents recognize the importance of digital literacy for their future. We are focusing on rural communities because research has shown that they often lack behind their urban counterparts in digital inclusion due to inadequate access to devices, unreliable internet infrastructure, and limited educational resources. The Ministry of Education acknowledges the pressing gap in digital skills between rural and urban students. According to the digital competency score 2023, the rural students score lower than their urban counterparts in digital literacy. To bridge this divide, the Ministry of Education is actively implementing solutions. The first solution is infrastructure improvements. Nearly 10,000 schools now have highspeed internet of around 30 to 300 Mbps. Fiber optic lines are installed in 4,957 schools, 4G wireless broadband in 4,681 schools and satellite connections in 599 schools. The second solution is technology resources. The Ministry of Education is supplying rural schools with essential technology, including laptops, charging carts, and projectors. Teachers receive 50,000 laptops and hybrid classrooms are being piloted in 110 schools. Schools have also gained free access to the dilemma learning platform with a G Suite enterprise for education license. Additionally, the Sarwak state has made progress through the Pandai program. It is a free course designed to ensure everyone has access to essential digital skills reaching various people such as those in rural communities, students, women, civil servants, and entrepreneurs. Through an online learning website, participants can receive many benefits such as improving digital literacy by teaching the use of mobile devices for tasks like communication, safe online browsing, e transactions, and many more. After completing each module, participants are entitled to receive a certificate of participation recognizing their achievements. In 2022, the Pandai program was honored with the UNESCO International Literacy Prize for its contributions to digital inclusivity, empowering thousands of SANS with important digital skills. Furthermore, as featured in the Teach for Malaysia 10th anniversary impact report, the Together for Malaysia initiative highlights major efforts to enhance digital literacy and technical skills among youth in rural areas. The establishment of digital hubs in rural communities offers access to educational resources and supports digital literacy initiatives. Based on these various projects and solutions, we aim to improve digital literacy by setting up crucial tech-based courses and digital hubs for rural communities across Malaysia. By improving digital literacy, we develop critical skills in the youth, enhancing their employability and quality of life. Thank you so much. I would like to invite group number 16 boss to share that video. Good day. I'm Sherifa and welcome to our presentation, Poultry Waste, a hidden opportunity. Did you know that chickens make up 95. 9% of Malaysia's livestock with over 300 million produced in 2020 alone? While this volume ensures a steady food supply, it also brings an overlooked challenge. What happens to the byproducts? Many valuable parts like skin, bones, and awful are discarded which harms the environment through increased landfill waste and carbon emissions while also resulting in missed economic opportunities. Instead of throwing these resources away, we believe they can be repurposed into sustainable high value products. Our goal today is to show how we can turn this hidden waste into something worthwhile. >> My name is Josiah and I'm excited to present our innovative proposal for converting poultry waste into valuable products. Our proposal addresses the pressing issue of poultry waste by introducing cuttingedge technologies and processes for repurposing chicken pie products. This approach not only reduces waste but it also generates new revenue streams and promotes sustainability. By implementing these techniques, meat processing companies can optimize their supply chain, reduce inefficiencies and improve their environmental stewardship. Hello, my name is Fatima and I will be telling you about the objectives of our project. Our first objective is to generate new revenue streams. This will provide companies new revenue opportunities by converting otherwise discarded materials into marketable supplements, thus improving overall profitability. Secondly, we aim to improve resource efficiency. Making better use of resources lowers energy consumption allowing companies to lower operational costs. And lastly, we hope to reduce waste and promote a circular economy. By minimizing the amount of byproducts sent to landfills, companies can reduce their carbon footprint and contribute to a circular economy model that benefits both the company and the environment. >> Hi, I'm Ezekiel. Now, I will talk about our solution. Our solution is simple. Turn waste into value. We propose transforming chicken skin and bones into high demand health products such as collagen and calcium supplements. But how do we change the poultry waste into collagen and calcium supplements? The process of making collagen and calcium supplement from chicken byproducts is straightforward. First, we collect and clean the chicken skin and bones. Then the skin is shimmerred to extract collagen while the bones are crushed. After shimmering, the liquid is filtered to obtain the collagion and the bones are heated to remove impurities. The collagen is then dried into powder and the bones are muled into calcium powder. Finally, both powders are packaged as supplement ready for use. And this is how our collagen and calcium supplement can be made. Our supplements offers a range of health benefit too. Collagen supports joint health, reduces pain, and improves skin elasticity, making it ideal for both active individuals and those looking to maintain youthful skin. Meanwhile, calcium strengthens bones, supports muscle functions, and promotes overall physical performance, contributing to long-term skeletal health. But now we need to think who is our partners and buyers. Our target audience includes meat processing companies and restaurant that can provide the byproducts. We also cater to healthconscious consumers who value sustainable products like collagens and calcium supplements. By addressing pottery waste, we can contribute to a more sustainable and efficient future. Thank you for watching. Let's work together for a greener future. Thank you so much for looking after the greener future. So now this is the end of the group entry. So I would like to invite the individual entry. Sanjita, are you in the room to share your video? >> yes, I'm here. >> Yes. Can you please just share your video? Make sure you tick the sound and come with the full screen, please. >> Okay, sure. We're done. Now, >> so that gives the judges a bit of time to reflect on six videos. Thank you. , can my screen be? >> , can you just play so I can see that the audio is also working? >> Good. >> Biotechnology student passionate about using nature's own mechanisms to solve some of our greatest environmental challenges. Today we are going to explore the science behind bioluminescent trees, an idea that would revolutionize urban lighting. Did you know street lighting actually consumes around 19% of global electricity, contributing heavily to energy cost and CO2 emissions? Now, what if we could reduce this by harnessing nature's ability to produce light? Bioluminescence is a natural phenomenon in which living organisms produce light. This occurs in species such as jellyfish, fireflies, and even certain algae. This process is driven by a biochemical reaction involving a molecule called luciferin and an enzyme called luciferase. When luciferin is oxidized by luciferase it releases photons resulting in a natural glow. Scientists are now working to incorporate this bioluminescent genes into plants allowing trees to emit light just as these organisms do. This could eliminate the need for conventional street lights. Recent advancements in genetic engineering have allowed researchers to insert bioluminescent genes from organisms like fireflies and bacteria into plant DNA. A study published in nature biotechnology demonstrated the successful creation of glowing tobacco plants using luciferies from fireflies. Researchers have now moved beyond initial experiments with small plants and are working on engineering larger trees that could serve as urban street lights. These trees could be designed to glow more intensely in the dark and dimmer when exposed to daylight, reducing energy consumption and light pollution. The environmental implications of bioluminescent trees are profound. According to a study published in Science Advances, urban areas using bioluminescent trees for lighting could reduce carbon emissions by 30%, making cities significantly more sustainable and also saving the earth. Furthermore, because these trees would be powered by their own metabolic processes, maintenance and energy costs would be drastically lower. It's not just about replacing lights. This is about creating living infrastructure that works in harmony with nature. Bioluminescent trees represent a new frontier in sustainable urban planning. By merging biotechnology with ecology, we could light up our cities while reducing our carbon footprint. Now, this isn't just a distant dream. It's a glimpse into a greener and brighter future. Now, thank you for watching. For more scientific information and studies on bioluminescence and urban sustainability, check out these references. Once again, I'm Sanjit Vinayagam and with the power of biotechnology, we can create greener cities where nature itself lights our way. Thank you. Bye. Thank you Sanjita. Now I would like to invite Hannady to share your video please and that would be the second last. Imagine a world where our most powerful medicines, antibiotics, antiviral drugs, and even chemotherapy agents are no longer effective. The threat of a drug resistance is looming large, and it's one of the most pressing health crisis of our time. As bacteria, viruses, and cancer cells evolve, they become resistant to treatments that were once lifesaving, leaving us with fewer options. But what if nature combined with cuttingedge nanotechnology could offer a solution? Now I want to introduce you to a remarkable innovation. Green silver nano particles. These tiny particles engineered through eco-friendly methods hold incredible promise in the field of drug delivery. Nanotechnology as some of you may know deals with materials on a molecular scale. At this size, materials like silver behave in unique ways. They can be more reactive, more effective, and more precise in their actions. But what's particularly exciting about green silver nano particles is how they are. Nie, >> sorry I just realized that there is a black screen. I >> can you please just go back to the video and bring from the points that we you stopped and then if you can remove that block and continue the rest please. >> Okay. Still there is a block but because we don't have time we have to go with your sound and the area we see. Can you please just bring it to the point that you left? >> Okay. >> Thank you. >> Now scientists are using natural substances plants. Fungi and even bacteria to synthesize these particles in sustainable way. So, what does this have to do with the drug resistance? Imagine trying to get through a locked door with a regular key when the lock has been changed. The drug cannot effective penetrate the pathogen or cancer cells. And over time, these microbes evolve mechanisms to evade the drug entirely. This is where green silver nano particles come in. These nano particles have antimicrobial properties on their own, but they can also serve as a delivery system. One that's far more efficient than current methods. By attaching drugs to these nano particles, we can target pathogens or cancer cells with pinpoint accuracy. Think of it like sending a smart muscle instead of a regular bomb. The nanop particles can penetrate cells more easily, releasing the drug exactly where it's needed and in the right dosage, reducing the chances of resistance developing. And because these particles are green synthesized, they are less toxic to the body and the environment compared to conventionally produced particles. This means we can potentially treat infections and diseases with fewer side effects. A major challenge in current drug therapies. Thank you, Hannady. I mean, you test it. It works, but yeah, there was a block, but we could see your message and hopefully your the judges can see your message about the nano silver particles for antibacterial activity. And now I would like to invite the last competitors Hades to share your video please. >> Thanks Peter. >> No worries. Addis, we don't have your video. We have a image of a river. So, can you please >> Sorry, yeah, I'm going to try this again. Give me one second. >> Thank you. No worries. So meanwhile, Hadis is trying to find a way to show the video. I would like to say thank you so much to everyone. You did very well like spending this amount of time creating this video and sharing your message. Is inspiring and we know that it's a busy time for everyone and being engaged in this competition is beyond your you know what is listed in your in your to-do list. So that is amazing. Thank you so much. So, had any luck? >> A bit. I'm still trying. I'm not sure what's happening. Give me one minute. Sorry about that. >> No worries. I can give you 30 seconds. >> Yeah, we did try this. >> You did try. So, if you can stop sharing because I can see your screen. Maybe that helps you to find it. Meanwhile, we are waiting for Haris. I just want to invite our judges to look at the evaluation form, the online evaluation form. Nick and Celia, you're here. So in about four minutes you're going to be invited in the breakout rooms and at the same time we invite the Nick and Celia to make a decision and the other judges point are also in evaluation if you struggle to choose the you know the winner. Okay. Now, Hades, please play. What if early childhood education could ignite a lifelong love for science in every child, starting with the natural world they already explore? What if we find a way to spark their scientific curiosity using what they already love, like Legos, dinosaurs, pirates, and vehicles? Imagine teaching biology in a way that's fun, attractive, and memorable. Biological science is at the heart of understanding life itself. Yet, in Australia, it's often overshadowed by other subjects. Here's the reality. Australian students from foundation to year 8 have access to almost 50% less science content than students in high performing countries such as England and America. Critical topics like cells, the human body, disease, as well as ecosystems are covered briefly or not at all. Imagine an approach where biology isn't just taught but experienced through dynamic, multimodal, and gamebased learning. This research introduces a fresh approach to early biological science education, integrating interactive tools and co-design resources that brings science concepts to life. Through gamification, children not only play but learn core biological principles like ecosystems, energy, and even the invisible word of germs. By allowing children to explore biology in ways that are tactic, visual, and interactive, we are providing them with the tools to reason about the unseen. Like the spread of germs or the cycles of nature, all while having fun. By incorporating game-based learning, children can use what they love to deep dive into topics that are often overlooked in early education. They're not just playing, they're learning biological science that will form the foundation for future understanding. This isn't just education. It's empowerment. Together, we can build a future where early learners don't just memorize facts, but develop a deep, lasting understanding of the biological world around them. Thank you so much. I guess again I would like to say that we are so proud of you with this video production and your innovative idea. I think you're the reason that we love our job and we are passionate about what we are doing. So now I would like to invite Nick and Celia to join the breakout rooms to make a decision and it's set for you to come back at any time that you're ready to announce the winner based on your the judges choice. So I will invite I don't know if it's working. It's working. >> Beautiful. Okay. Now, meanwhile, we are the judges are going to make a decision. I would like to share this QR code again. So if you can please scan this QR code that helps you to cast you please confirm that I'm presenting the QR code. >> Yes. >> Yes. Yes. You are you are >> beautiful. Yeah. Can you please this is for the audience. If you are going to scan this QR code that will give you the access to these nine videos and that will help you to nominate your winner and the people's choice also going to receive a prize. So I'm going to stop in few seconds because I would like to invite Sam to share the cahoot questions again that is for the audience that's for you and you will receive a gift. Okay, I'm going to stop sharing. Sam, would you mind to just share the cahoot questions so we can go quickly through six question which is basically based on the nine videos that you watch. So that is for the audience. It's not for the competitors because you have a you know at least you know the answer of one question which is your video. If you can please I would like to invite the audience preferably not the competitors but you are welcome you all are welcome to join us to scan the QR code or open the cahoot question with this pin number we give you let's say okay good As soon as I see the name that means that we are in a process. So we give you let's say 10 seconds to join. Okay. So they count down. Three, two, and one. Let's start. Sam, you can make a little bit of the volume to break the silence. That's good. Let's move on to the next question. The correct answer also the speed of your answering it's critical. Okay, thank you Scopeboard. Let's move on to the next question. So we are testing if you watch these nine videos which they all inspiring idea to unpack the challenge they introduce. If you learn Thank you scoreboard. What was the name of the program that was recognized by UNESCO and it was in one of the video that we watch to improve the digit digital literacy. Thank you. And thank you scoreboard. You're on the top. And the last one, the primary advantage of using green silver nanop particle in drug delivery. And now we are coming third place. And the second place and the first place as we may know we if you are one of the audience or one of the competitors. So if you can confirm you are not a competitors add your email address in the chat so we can we are going to be in contact with you. So please share your email address. Oh you are the competitor. So how about the second and the third one? If you are the competitors then we go with the V. So if you can please the second place and the third place if you can tell us that you are the competitor then we go with the first one. Okay now you all are competitors then we go with we. Congratulation. Just I'm going to write my email address. Please be in contact with me. So and make sure I think would like to ask Casselyn how's the do I need to share the QR code for the people's choice? We have 43 votes. >> Okay, sounds good. So we already have 43 votes. So that is the full house vote which we can be confident that you are part of this decision beside our judges. So, I'm going to stop sharing and I see if we have our So, the judges are still in the back room. I think I've set it for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, we are waiting for them. I give them another 60 seconds. I would like to make sure that wherever you are, please make sure that we are going to have a screenshot with those who are willing to share their video. So I want you to test if you can turn on your video because our judges are coming and soon after that we are going to take a photo. So, and that is going to be with your permission is going to be a post in the LinkedIn to share the story of tonight. So, of course congratulation to all of the nine competitors if you are here as an audience. So we are going to share these videos and ex the story of success of the winner and that might be something that you would like to consider in for start talking competition in 2025. That means that you need to be reflect on your video and the skills and what challenge you would like to choose. If it's that's part of your passion or it's the your research and it could be for in any discipline. This is open to all the students with any discipline. If you're coming from business, engineering, , design, art, , science, this is all about your voice and how you're going to share the knowledge. I can see the judges are here. So, I'm going to invite and I think maybe Celia, is that you or Nick had a chance? Nick, thank you so much. I know that you have to leave and I promise this is going to be in one hour but now >> I'm handing over to Celia and she's going to make me look good. >> Beautiful. >> I'll do my very best. >> Thank you so much. All yours. So we are going to hear about your feedback and of course the bill starts 2024. Very exciting moment. Thanks, Peter. And thank you so much for everyone who made a submission today. , on behalf of Nicola and myself, we were just so impressed with everybody's submission. It's clear that you all worked really, really hard on your work and , as someone who has had some experience in developing videos. It's not easy, especially when you're dealing with a time limit. So, well done to everybody. We will note that no one had points deducted for being too far over time. So, , great work on the editing piece. What Nicola and I wanted to be able to do to keep things sort of nice and compact. Obviously the details of the feedback which are in our score sheets on the individual level, but we thought what we might do is give some general feedback about what we think makes a great submission. Some of you did these things and some of you could improve on these things. And then we'd like to give an honorable mention to the second place. And then we'd like to announce the winner if that's all right. Great. Okay. So, general feedback understanding that you know this is a this is a brief submission u but that it's on YouTube and Nicola and I were both talking about how under qualified we feel in a science space to be able to scrutinize the actual content of the science component of the work that you've done. , this is just some general feedback about what makes a great submission when you're dealing with an audience that doesn't know very much about the topic that you're presenting. So, thing number one is include your solution in the title of your submission. Some of you did this and it makes for a more memorable submission. Number two is accessibility matters subtitles are a great idea on your videos. Two of you did it and you know congratulations to those of you who made that extra effort. Very good idea. Number three try and explain your key points especially the more complex ones with visuals with detailed visuals. Nicola and I were talking about how impactful facts and figures are. We can hear facts and figures well enough but they're more memorable if you display them. So think about that when you're providing statistics. Providing them as a visual when you're speaking to them is always really good. And then the final piece, oh so Nicola had some notes around tone. Try and think about your favorite radio presenter or your favorite podcaster. When you think about the tone of voice that you use just to make your submissions just slightly more engaging and entertaining. Takes a little bit of effort and practice, but it's worth it. And then the final thing is include a call to action. Remember that your audience is here to do something the result of what you're submitting. So I you know go for more information here. Contact your local congress person. Send an email. Sign up for this for this opportunity. It makes for a really a great thing. Again, some of you did these things and we want to congratulate you generally for doing these really good things within your submissions. Nicola, do you have anything to add that I missed out there? No, but I do want to reiterate that was quite blown away with the content and the initiatives that were presented today and also not from a science background but find it very fascinating in its ability to address complex problems and find innovative solutions. So really blown away probably go back and watch the videos for a second time to do them a bit more justice. But just hats off to you all for showing the initiative to engage in this program and thank you Celia for taking the lead on that. >> No worries. Okay. So we might move on to first the honorable mention and then to the final winner. So we'd like to give an honorable mention to submission number four, the lights of the Malayan Tiger. , one of the things that this group did which did a really good thing that no one else did was the humor aspect. , if you can make your audience laugh, they're more likely to remember what you've had to say and you did a wonderful job there. Also, you really personalized it by putting your faces on camera. It's a scary thing to do, but if you're willing to do it again, it's more memorable and engaging. Remember, your audiences also have faces and they're look they're used to looking at other faces at the same time. More likely to pay attention to if they're looking at another phase. So, it was an excellent submission. You all did really well and it was it was fun to have a little bit of a giggle while watching a video on a very important topic. So, well done to group number four. >> Okay, so virtual drum roll for the winner. I would like to point out that this particular submission for the scores that we looked at this was unanimous. All of us independently agreed that this submission was the very best. We also all did it without comparing notes in advance. So I hope you all accept that this is a very fair process that we went through and thank you to bitter and to the group for providing us with a very rigorous process for judging. So the winner is submission number seven. Glow-in-the-dark lighting the future with bioluminescent trees. , just a few notes on the on the wonderful job that was done here. It was an excellent concept. I got goosebumps thinking about glow-in-the-dark trees. Nicar and I had a brief chat about what a what a wonderful idea this is and how amazing a concept it is. I want to see these trees on my street as soon as possible, please. , the great excellent use of snaps. >> Could we get some? >> Sorry. Can we just make sure that everyone turn off your audio? >> Oops. >> I just muted somebody. That seems to have worked. Over to you, Celia. >> Okay, thank you. >> I'm sure Muhammad is just as excited as I am about the results. , so an excellent use of stats. The imagery, , the explanation of the technology involved was beautifully done. Really, really beautifully done. , excellent pacing. The concept was so well explained again for people like for people like me who don't understand the technology all so well I feel like I could explain it to somebody else and I noticed there were there was some use of AI generated images that were just wonderful to look at just a fantastic concept on behalf of Nicola and myself and the other judges this is this is spectacular work congratulations and well done >> a great Thank >> was fabulous. >> Thank you so much. Thank you so much. >> 30 seconds, do you want to share your points after hearing all of this feedback, your feeling? >> Okay, first of all, I would like to thank all of y'all especially Miss Gita because I actually went to her for a different reason and we started chatting on LinkedIn and all that and she told me about this opportunity and I was like why not give it a try since I was also in my break. So I just did it. I don't know. I always had this idea in my mind like oh my god what if you know we had glowing lights everywhere because in Malaysia there's a lot of you know lights decorated on the trees but what if it's naturally glowing. So I had a very good idea and I'm also doing biotechnology. So you know the genetic engineering the crisp art technology and all that is something that I've learned. So that is why this idea came into my mind. But thank you so much for your very nice review. Thank you so much. Thank you for spending your time and sharing your passion and innovative idea with us. I would like to invite everyone to turn on your Oh, we I get excited. Castlan, people's choice. We had 43 votes for the people's choice. Kelan, who is the winner of >> We now have 70 votes. >> Oh, wow. Okay. 70 votes. >> I don't know. Well it seems like okay yes you want to share this me to share or just announce it >> we trust you Kaslan let's just announce it I hope that is not centa because that is not going to be the case >> it is >> wow okay >> I can I can show the results basically to those who are still logged in >> okay >> yeah I mean that is lovely that for the very first time we have a people's choice and judging choice to be the same person but I would like to invite Sanja if you give us the permission I give that title to group number four where is selected to be in the second position >> with your permission and you're going to give Yes, of course. >> Your title. >> No, no, no problem at all. Give it. Yeah. >> Give it to No problem. >> Thank you so much. Thank you for your kindness. >> All right. So, someone get excited from the audience now. I want everyone to mute your audio and turn on your video. I'm going to take a screenshot of this moment that we had over the very first time, the people's choice and the judges choice. And with this generosity SATA gave this title to group four which the and all of the groups and all of the individuals you did a great job. I really appreciate and again I said that is the reason that we love our job and with this I'm going to count down three two and one with a smile please with a smile I capture this and give me one second I can see that I did the right thing all good so we captured the moment comments and thank you so much. Please follow your passion and stay connected and informed. , we really appreciate your time and support. Thank you so much and we hope to see you in Start Talking 20125. And the judges, you made a great job. I love the feedbacks that you give to the audience and the competitors. Thank you so much. >> Well done everybody. Great program. >> Thank you. >> Thank you very much.