Hello everyone, welcome. , and today we will be talking about making podcasts and understanding how they work and looking at some of the tools such as Adobe Audition that you can use to make a podcast. So we'll begin by giving an acknowledgement of country. So, we pay homage to Australia's original storytellers who remind us that storytelling is about deep listening. We recognize Australia's First Nation peoples for their ongoing connection to storytelling, country, culture, and community. We also respectfully acknowledge the traditional owners on the land of which you're all situated today and recognize that it was never seated. And I'm joining you today from Murang land past Jalong. So, feel free to pop in the chat anywhere that you've come from or that you're situated on if you like. And exciting events today. We'll be talking about making a podcast. And I want to thank Beta for her amazing graphic here, which is terrific. And Beta is our is our esteemed leader in a project where we are matching up science students with media and comm students or art students as a way of helping the science students practice their communication skills about their projects and communicating to an audience what they're doing and what their experiences are in their capstone unit. And with the media and communication students and art students, writing students, learning how to interview and make that into a podcast. Now, that's not the only thing that this that this session is about. This is also for people that want to learn a little bit more about podcasting. You might have an idea for a podcast, but we certainly are keen to get people pairing up in after this session if they want to practice those skills by helping our science students articulate their particular projects in the capstone unit through their u through a podcast. Bea, did you want to say anything more about that amazing project that you've come up with? >> Thank you so much, Carolene, and thank you for these beautiful acknowledgements to the country. I guess I just want to emphasize that we are just a passionate educators who are keen to support and empower our students. So observing the gap skill and thinking about the future and the potential jobs that you might want to follow in future and because we also considering that we are keen collaboration not just between educators of course we always consider our students as our partners. So coming with this multid-disciplinary type of a project providing this opportunity and facilitating this training for our students to meet each other and to apply their knowledge and skills to support each other. That's an exciting journey that we are going to start with each other. And of course as Caroline mentioned this is beneficial to our STEM students who are unpacking a real challenge problem and how they can communicate their science and how they practice the outcome and share that knowledge with the broader audience. Also for our media communication to see the impact of the research in a STEM area and how that can inspire the community and the society for some require actions something like climate change. What would do we need to expect our community to consider as I believe the community knowledge is a powerful source but we need we all together we need to act on it. So I believe and I think this exciting journey started with us. So it's going to provide an a useful informative archive podcast for a future of the capstone project students or media communication to see how they can use of their knowledge and you know any challenges, any successes or any ideas to do the better experience during the capstone projects and yeah that is all I can say right now and I'm so excited. Thank you Carolyn. >> Terrific beta. Beautifully said. So just a reminder if anyone here wants to participate in that project where you're working with a science student to interview them and make a podcast then you can just flip me an email and we can move that forward. But we're appreciating that some of you are here today also just to learn about podcasting. So it's a double barrel exciting session. So, we'll jump on in then and talk a little bit about what a podcast is. Now, I'm going to talk for about half an hour. , just give a little bit of structure around what podcasts commonly do. I've gloriously stolen some material from my amazing colleagues Corey Martin and Jamie who have provided some videos as well as additional support for you if you want to know a little bit more about some of the production processes and some of the you know the ways you can position a podcast and some of the techy stuff. And then we will have fabulous colleague from learning transformation who is an Adobe coach run us through how to use Adobe Audition. So nothing required of you in terms of pairing you up right now. Sit back, enjoy, ask lots of questions and hopefully jot down lots of good ideas for you to use later. So what is a podcast? So a podcast is a series of spoken word audio episodes focused on a particular topic or theme. So it tends to be about one particular one particular process idea topic or a particular discipline or a domain or a particular area of research. So some of you might be here because you want to make a podcast series about your discipline that just happens to be you know centering on your area of research. So you might want to do a podcast around creative writing or you might want to do a podcast around learning and teaching whatever it is that you're particularly interested in. And a lot of the time we do hear about we use the word podcast and we might be talking about a kind of singular audio experience like a feature a kind of doc audio documentary. That is technically not a podcast but look it's interchangeable language right? So, the idea of a podcast generally is that it's a series of some sort, but you could use this session to also record your own your own one-off episode or something or your own little documentary or your own record your own work or writing or performance if you like. So, you can use a script or talking points or questions to make it to make you feel prepared when you are undertaking a podcast production and getting that ready. But the idea is that they are conversational. So, you don't want to have your podcast be sounding too stiff and formal. It's not a lecture. Not that our lectures are stiff and formal, right, beta? But, you know, it's meant a conversation is a podcast is meant to be engaging to listen to a little bit more traditionally aligned with how radio would sound. So, you want to keep it conversational. Now, there are two main groups that we're going to put podcast in today. They are narrativebased and interview based. Now they can cross over but narrative based podcasts are when you are focused on telling the story of something. So you can think of something like this podcast series serial or America this American life or there's multiple true crime podcast around where you're unpacking over a number of episodes a particular story and you may not actually be having other people in that other than you. You may not be having interviews from other people, but you may include a couple of interviews as good sound bites or you may in a narrative-based podcast actually have a fair few interviews. So, it's up to you. That form is very flexible. So, the other option, the other more common one, which is the one we'll be looking a little bit more closely at today, is a interviewbased podcast. And usually that's when you are interviewing someone different every week or a couple of different people around a different topic every week and you're kind of really focusing on that interview. That is the main part of it. It's not about you and your work. It's about you engaging with someone who's an expert in the field or an expert in a lived experience in some way. , and the idea of a podcast too is that they really make really good use of music and sound effects as transitions between discussions between scenes. If it's like a narrative, if it's like a radio play style story or if it's a set of interviews, you may have a particular sound come or a music clip come back to signal you're shifting into a different section of the podcast. They have theme music which may be the same across all the episodes but it could change according to what the episode's feel is. So the use of music is really exciting sound effects. And in terms of the duration well they vary between around 10 minutes to an hour. Sometimes they can be longer but the idea is that it's as long as they need to be. , if you are doing something like having sponsorship built in or using more of a having more of a corporate influence, you might want to have a particular time length so that your sponsors so that your advertisers are able to see this as an investable package a little bit more. But for our purpose, you know, we can say it's whatever length it needs to be. So, in terms of the structure of a podcast, , and I'm I'm going to talk mainly about the interview style one now. And, , Bea's communication project is an excellent example of an interview focused one. , so I'll talk about that, but I also just want to mention if you have questions, feel free just to toss them in the chat as we go along. , very capable of at talking, , lecturing and answering chat at the same time these days. , so what does a the structure of a typical interviewbased podcast look like? I'm going to deviate off a little bit in some of those points to also cover narrative as well. So you'll find a good example is Damian Omera's Has Damian works with us in media and communication. He's a PhD student. He's done a terrific podcast series around humanities, arts, and social sciences. So I've included that there and I will pop it in the chat in a moment as well. So if you listen to his, you'll find it follows this typical structure. He's got some opening music in here. So it's something that kind of captures the vibe or the feel of what the content is. And then he'll move in quite quickly to give a welcome and an introduction and that is where you are telling us what the podcast is about, who you'll be talking to in that episode or what the topic of that episode is and what you will be discussing. So, it'll be a little bit of a of a one person talking and giving a bit of a teaser about what's going to happen in the rest of the podcast. And then, you might give a little bit of background or information to the topic in a little bit more detail about what your guest is going to be talking about. So, you can merge those two or you can have them separate points there. And then you move into the interview. And remembering you're going to be doing that conversationally. And if it's an interview, you might start telling your story, give some background of your story, and then weave in interviews as needed as the story progresses. And you think of the podcast Serial is a great example of that where you've got interviews with judges and lawyers and family members. And you also have a narrator who tells us what's happened in what the story is and bridges the gap between the interviewees comments. So if it's a traditional interview style, you'd be then moving into talking in depth with your interviewee, asking question, having them answer and you know having a conversation about that and then after that's done and that may go for you might ask end up asking six questions, eight questions depending on how long it is. I find I get through about six to eight in an hour. So you know you might want to it'll be I guess practice. It'll help you work out how long they go for. And then wrapping it up, thanking the guest and giving it a bit of an insight into what's happening in the next episode if you can. So the class one, the first u guest was Katherine Hartung, Dr. Katherine Hartung. So do have a listen to that. That is that will give you an indication of this structure. , I won't play it for you because, you know, you've we've got other stuff to cover and you might want to listen to that in the nice and quiet of your own time with a nice glass of Coca-Cola or wine in your hand. , so interviewing, this is a skill that comes often doesn't come naturally to people. You have to practice it a little bit. Even, you know, journalists that have won multiple awards for interviewing still started out doing some very tentative, slightly awkward interviews. That's quite normal. So, , that's why it's fun to start practicing them as soon as you can. So, , there's a few guides for interviewing. I've got a quick one that I use, which is just really simple for me in my head. I always start off, and I'm going to say that I start off here, but you can actually move the order of them around according to what the flow of the conversation is and according to what you want to cover. I usually start off with thinking or asking about why or why are you interested in this particular thing to my guest. How did you start? Where did you where you know how did you come to this? How did you get involved? What drew you into this particular project or this particular idea? So, I'm kind of thinking about in my head why this why this thing? Why are you interested in this? And then I might switch to asking questions more about what it actually is. Tell us about your project. Unpack it. That's what I'm thinking. Unpack your project a little bit more. What are you trying to do with this project? And then I might think move to asking a little bit more about who the project might help. So, oh that sounds great. Who are the sorts of people that might benefit for your project or what sort of outcomes are you hoping to get or who are the people that you think might stand beside you and take up this cause? So, I'm asking now more about the people and the influences and the impact of the project. And then somewhere in there, depending on how the conversation flows, I'll always cover some sort of challenge. So, oh, what were some of the obstacles? But I won't necessarily ask it that bluntly. I might listen and hear that they've mentioned that it was hard to get funding. So, I'll say, oh, so how did you get the funding? That must have been very challenging. What's some advice for people who may be facing the challenge of getting funding? So, I'm unpack and ask about the obstacles in some way. So that's really thinking about challenges advi it's sort of a way of getting advice for other listeners as well. And now for beta's science communication project with those podcasts we're looking at something slightly more specific. So the sort of questions we might ask in her podcast series which is where we're talking to science students about their experience in their capstone unit. We might ask something to start off with. What's your research about? Tell us about your research. And then we might move to what are what do you do in your where do you do your research? Do you work in the lab? Do you work with statistics? Are you desk based? Just to draw that out. Now, they may cover that in the answer. And that's great. I don't have to cover that question then, but what we're doing is listening for an opportunity to make sure that information comes out. And we might ask because they're science students that's in might be in a laboratory, what equipment do you use? And the idea of this for this particular project is to allow students that haven't done the unit yet or have just enrolled to get a bit of a sense of how they can succeed. What do you need to do to succeed in this unit? What are some of the challenges that you'll be facing? How can you prepare for that? So questions like, well, what equipment do you use? Lets us kind of pull that out a little bit and let them understand and visualize what they might be doing in the lab. We might then ask them, well, what's the best way to manage your work and time in your capstone project? So, what not to do? What are some of the mistakes we want other people to avoid? And then we might go on to ask, what type of preparation should a student do for the unit and across the rest of the unit? So we want to make sure that students that are coming into this unit are able to understand what they can do to give them the best chance of success in the unit so that they're organized for the laboratories and they don't roll up not having done the work. And then we might ask them well okay that's great it's wonderful to hear that how we can get prepared but what makes a good capstone project? How do I know I've made the right choice in the project I put forward? So the person will give us some information about that and then we might end on a question that projects to the future. So we might say well you know what would you like this project to lead you to in your career? Why did you undertake this? Did you have a an idea of where it might lead you? How do you think it might look and work for your CV? So that's an example of two sorts of approaches to interviewing. The first one that I talk through with the dot points on the left side of the screen are a little bit more general about getting someone to unpack their experience. And then the with beta's project we're looking more specifically at a particular aim which is to create a podcast that helps students understand what they need to do to succeed in their project unit and also to get them used to talking about their project in to people that may not be used to hearing about it as well. , so a trick with this that journalists use a lot is they'll often get their interviewees to repeat the question as a statement at the beginning of their response. And I've got this great example from Corey, one of our podcast teachers. When if I want to know what their journey, say they're a ballet dancer, I want to know where they where they started. So I might ask, well, where did your journey of ballet begin? What I would like them to do, so I will need to advise them on this before the session is to repeat that question in a way that makes it easier for me to edit later on audio. So I'd say, can you repeat the second half of my question as a statement? So I'll give them that example. Well, where did your journey of ballet begin? They might say, well, my journey of ballet began when? And they tell us that story. And that gets used in TV a lot, too. So, you're kind of giving a fuller answer, encouraging them to give you a fuller sentence answer so that it's easier for editing. Now, the challenge with that is that it's not always feeling naturally conversational. So, sometimes you may not want to use that. So, but it's a good it's a good way of creating some space for you to edit. So, I'll chat to you now and I won't I won't cover this, but I just wanted to put this up for you. There's also some really good interview guides for larger projects as well. And this one is from Corey. She's given us an example of cluster clustered questions. So it's kind of working on a structure of we want to know what event started you off on your journey or what is your particular experience? And we then ask them to reflect a little bit about what that experience might mean for other people. And then we might go on to get them to talk about some of the challenges they've had and then how they feel about it. You know, what we bring in their emotion or their lived experience there and then start taking another step back and asking how other people have reacted to this. So, this is a bit more of a complicated interview set that just gives you the opportunity to unpack somebody's experiences in a bigger way than the other examples that I've given. But most of you will find you might use the why, what, who challenges or if you are doing a narrative based podcast where you're really telling the story of something and you're using multiple interviews in there multi from multiple people, multiple experts, you might just simply ask those people two or three questions in your pre in your interview session and then edit those in and it might end up being one answer that you use from them or two answers. So it depends on the sort of podcast that you're doing. But you've got they you'll find that most of them fit under those two aspects. And you know you do have podcasts where people talk at great length about one thing and you don't hear any interviews etc. Maybe someone who's a political commentator or two people just talking about a particular topic. They still fall under those two types of podcasts. So just talking quickly about how to conduct the interview itself. We will have more sessions on this and we've got some video resources you can access to if you want to know a little bit more about this. But the idea as we said treat it like a conversation. However do prepare questions, right? You don't want to go in there and not be able to guide your interviewe. They are expecting you to point them in the direction that of the information you want from them. So you want to make sure that you've got some questions prepared. You can do them quite specific or you can do them kind of broad. When did you start your university degree or you could say that's quite specific or you could use something like you know tell me the story of your university degree? How did you come to this? You know when did when did it all happen for you? So you can ask the same question in a very taught way with specific information coming back or you can ask it in a way that is a little bit more open and that lets them tell the story as they see it. Which is just two different approaches to the same getting the same information. So it's up to you if you want to ask really specific questions or have them a little bit more open. And Jamie and Omera has a great session which I've included in the in the video resources about creating cheats cheat sheets. So a sheet of information that has a little bit about of the background of the person, maybe some of their achievements if you're going to be talking to them about that. So you don't have a Carolyn moment when you forget what the name of their project is or what the name of their particular film that they've done is or their particular science experiment or their particular approach in the lab. So it's good to have those kind of notes with you when you're doing the interview just so you can refer back to them. And we've got some examples of those that we can share with you. And when you're interviewing, you need to make sure that you are actually listening and responding to what people are saying. You don't want to just interview, ask a question, wait till they finish, then ask the next question, and wait till they finish. That's not a conversation. So you want to listen and not be afraid to move into asking other things. You can go off on a bit of a tangent if that's if there's something that the person has said that you're interviewing that sounds like you maybe your audience might want to know more about it or that sounds a little bit more interesting than maybe what your next question was going to be. So you can take a moment to diverge and move into a side topic if that's where the conversation goes naturally. You can always edit it out if it didn't work. So, it's important to follow the conversation. And also, and this is really hard, it's really hard to try not to make too many noises when you're interviewing someone, be careful not to say, "Yeah, yeah. Oh, definitely. " Or, "M" Because what happens is it makes it harder to edit. And it also means that while they're talking, you're going to they're we're going to be hearing your voice coming in a lot. So, it takes a lot of practice to actually not say much and not give much affirmation back when you're or much confirmation and acknowledgement when you're interviewing someone. , so it takes a bit of practice. So, just remember, try to nod and not go too much. But sometimes you have to, so that's okay. But just balance that out. You'll find when you do it and you try to edit, you'll never do it again because it's really hard to edit your littles and out. , and , also , don't be afraid to , interject with your own , additional ideas or thoughts as well. It's up to you what your podcast is looking like and what the intention is, but you can definitely share your experiences with the interviewer in the recording if you want to. That if that's part of what you're doing with the podcast, that's fine. So, that is coming back to the philosophy of it's a conversation, it's a sharing, but remember it's not about you, it's about your interviewee, right? , so try to leave a bit of a beat of silence in between your questions or your comments. Try not to talk over the person because that means you're going to find it really hard to slice and edit and separate sections if you've got your voice overlapping. So if for instance when I'm giving a lecture I'm now I can see I've got my next slide in front of me after this one. So I can naturally segue into the next slide. However, that would cause a problem if I was doing that in an audio interview because it won't give a moment for me to edit. So, if I say, "Okay, that's my slide. Now, on to my next slide. I'd like to talk about this. " There's no edit space where if I do something like, , okay, that's great. Thank you. So, my next question is that little space makes it easier for you to edit the audio and to move things around. So, , silence is death if it's too long in audio, but silence is golden if it's just long enough that it lets you, , create an edit space that sounds natural because if you don't, you'll end up cutting off words , of the beginning or the ends of sentences. And, , Damian had a great , idea of giving somebody or your interviewee, sorry, a text sheet for home preparation. So, if you are interviewing people that are on Zoom for through Zoom or that you don't have in front of you, they might feel a bit overwhelmed by the tech. So, it's really good to give them a guide of things to set up. So, you know, okay, you know, maybe make sure that you've got no noises around you from your washing machine, all of that sort of thing. So, what would this look like? So, we might tell them, , can you make sure you wear headphones? Because if you, and this is good for you, for people doing the interview, too, because if you've got headphones on with a, , mic in them, that means that you're not going to be as distracted by what's happening around you, you're also going to have a better quality of audio. So, , you may want to encourage your interviewees, if you're doing it by Zoom, to wear headphones with a mic where possible, like , Beta's got. Have you got a mic in yours, Beta? Yes, you do. See, excellent. So, you would have seen that in the earlier part of this video when VA came up to greet you all. And so, make sure that your interviewee also checks and I'll just jump forward a bit. Also checks that their equipment's off around them. That they've turned off their email dinger. I've been in lots of sessions and interviews where I've heard that people's email ding go off. Turn that off. Put their phone on silent and turn off the washing machine musical noise. It's a good one from Damian. There is a really good tip that Damian's given us which is around making sure that you are able to have a backup for your audio. So a great tip that he's given is that when you say to your interviewe if you're doing it remotely, okay, can you get your phone and find your recording on your phone, your audio recorder? I'm going to count to three and when I clap I want I want you to hit the voice memo, right? So or actually it's a bit before, isn't it? So count to three, hit the voice memo and then clap. And that clap will s will mean that you can see straight away on both the audio recordings when the interview starts. You're syncing it together. And that means you've got a backup for your what you say, they've got a backup for what they say in case the u one of you have bad blotchy audio on your Zoom or your teams, however you're doing it. So really, really good device to a really good technique to practice there. So you've both got a syncedin version and that person that you're interviewing can just email you that particular recording. Makes it easier. , so that was that was my quick rundown of the different sorts of podcast and some tips. We have more information about that. , I'll end the slides out. There's some great videos you can watch. We'll also be running a session. I'll be running a session on Monday, which is just a drop-in session if people want to , drop in and talk about their idea for a podcast , or we want to start setting up , some support for you and to start giving you some additional , help on how to use the programs. So I will hand this over now to either beta or our fabulous learning transformations teacher. So I'll hand it back. Thank you. So to create a new file we go to file new multitrack session and I'm just going to title this my podcast for now. And you can browse where you want to save your this session. And the templates are over here. We're going to press podcast for now. And what that's going to do when we click okay, it's going to set up a multitrack session. And it's going to have all the elements of a podcast basically set up for you already. So we have the host track, the interview, etc. Down to music. , if you would like to change the names of , these, you just have to doubleclick them and then write whatever you want. So maybe you want two hosts. So this could be host one. , as well as if you wanted to change the color for organization purposes of these little , labels over here, you can doubleclick them and select whatever color you want. , can make it pretty if you want. It won't it won't change the audio. It's just it's just nice. , so we're going to go into how to import an audio file. , for reference, if you would like to download some audio files today, , I would recommend going into Adobe Stock and then clicking the audio button. , we don't have , as a Swinburn student, you don't have , specific license to the audio specifically. You would have to get that separately, but for now, you know, today I would recommend it. So, just go into whatever genre you would like and click the download button over here. So, we're going to go back into here into our session and click files. This button, this like file button with the arrow is where you would like to import the file. And I'm just going to today I'm going to import some disco pop. And now that I've imported this, all I have to do is drag my audio into the track that I would like and that will automatically place it there. So since Disco Funk is music, I'm going to drag it into the music file. And if you see, we can play here with this real. , next, , we're going to be using the recording option, , where you can, , record your own audio and voice over and whatever you like. So, , I would assume in this case, you would probably be the host or, , at least talking. So, I'm going to go into the host track and right where this arrow points to the right and says none over here, we're going to click it over here. Go into mono and then click the default system button. What this is going to do is it's going to allow you to click this button up here and it's going to record any it's going to let you input the audio through this. So, we're just going to click record over here. And wherever you want to put your play head is where it's going to start recording. So, let's just say I wanted the music to play a little bit first and then I would like to speak. So maybe the music is the intro. By the way, all these layers over here, these tracks, they all stack on top of each other. So basically they will be playing at the same time. So, if there's music in here or there's something in here and there's something in here, they will play at the same time. And I can clear that up if anyone has any questions with that later because I know it might be confusing and there's a bit of a learning curve. , so, , I want to put my play over here. I'm going to start my voice over at around 30 seconds, I'd say. And then I'm just going to click this button to start recording. And then I'll click it again to stop the recording. , so, , let's do this. Hello, my name is and you're listening to my podcast. There we go. So, it will also play the music while you're recording or whatever else is in that place at the time just to give you a little like help make it easier to see what the sound will actually sound like when you're recording. , so yeah, , I'm going to solo this right now. This is the solo button. Basically, what it will do is it'll only play the sound from that track. So, I'm going to move the cursor head over back to here before it started. Not I don't Okay, I'm going to mute this and hopefully it works. I'm not sure why that's still playing. That's really odd. , I'm just gonna turn the sound down this for now. Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. So, what it basically did in this instance accidentally because I don't have my headphones in, which you definitely usually should do. I just didn't bring them today. Is that while I was recording it picked up the musical from over here and put it in here. So, , good tip, don't do that. And how we can avoid doing that is by muting this track while we do our voice over so the music doesn't , pick the computer doesn't pick it up while we record. Okay, let's try the recording again. Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. Oh, I forgot to press the record button. It's exactly what we will do. So, it's good to It's good that we learn it this way. >> Yes. >> Good. It's >> This is my first time teaching audition. So, you got to work with me here, but it's giving you tips on what not to do. So, learn with it. Let me delete this. Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. All right. Now, if we go back and put our cursor over here, play Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. >> Unsolo this and unmute this. , combined it will sound like this. >> Hello, my name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. Now you might have noticed that this is really loud and this is really soft and this is what we call this stage is what we call audio mixing. So we want to make sure that the combination of all these sounds together sounds right. , so how you can do that is, , we have a bar over here, our levels bar, and that's going to tell us what levels are the decibb that, , each audio clip is playing or in total what the decibb are. So, if we go ahead and mute this clip, it's only going to play this track. , and it's going to show the levels of that over here. So, let's play. So, as you could see over there, it's going into the red and it's showing this red part. And we never ever want the red part. Red part very bad. We want it to be sitting around the yellow part. I'd say that's the sweet spot that's the sweet spot for dialogue, but the sweet spot for audio is actually a bit lower. If I can check, , there's a specific guide on dB, I'd say. , so we want it to be around, I'd say 18. Let's go 18 dB for this point. So, we want the, , levels to stop around here. And how we can do this is we're going to adjust this button over here, the volume button, and we can make it louder or quieter or louder. And I'm gonna play the audio at the same time and see if I can adjust it so it turns it the levels only hit this area. Let me solo this. All right. So, I've br it down a bit and it's going to play at around this area which is ideal for the background music. So now if we if we were to unmute this, unsolo this, and play these together, hopefully it'll sound a little better. And then we'll adjust the host sound. Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. So as you can see already, you can hear the my voice much better and that's what we want. We want the background music to stay background music. And I'd say for a general rule of thumb I'd say that dialogue and voice should stay around 9 to -12. So I'm going to solo this. I'm going to zoom in on it. And the scroll bar up here is going to let you go back and forth if you want to zoom in on your timeline and see My name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast. Just move it a little up because I feel like it and unsolo and see how it works together with the music. >> Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. , and if you want to if you think it sounds bad with these decibel levels, you can always so you want to see play it by ear a little bit. I'd say I'd recommend putting the volume maybe on half over here and then being able to play it by ear. That's going to give you a good reference to what it'll actually sound like. And go around and play with the audio levels a little bit and see what's the best combination. All right. So >> sorry Taria to disturb you because this is kind of when new platform to me. I just want you to define those latest that you use. So I so I can see where you at the audio. I just want to be familiar with the features that I have and all of those options that we have. If you can >> Yes. , is it these three? >> Mhm. >> That you're referencing. >> All right. So, , I probably should have, , defined them earlier, so thank you for picking me up on that. , this is M for mute. So, what that's going to do is just say this is the track. So, any audio that's going to be played here, you're not going to be able to hear it if I click the mute button. And if I play, only this part is going to play. There we go. , if I unmute it, they're just going to play simultaneously. If I solo it, my podcast, this is the only audio track is that's going to play. It's basically the reverse mute. , so these any other tracks over here, you won't be able to hear because they're not soloed. So, let's play. Hello, my name is Talia and you are listening to my podcast. That's that button and this is the record button after record. So if I wanted to record audio, I just finish recording like I did earlier. Does that clear it up a little bit? >> Yes, that is clear. And one more question. If you instead of recording the audio, can you just remind us how to import the audio from the file that you show? Previously. Thank you. >> So this file button over here is clicked and then it's just the file button with the arrow over here. Import. If you have any audio stored like funky funk, you just double click it and now it's there for you to drag wherever you wish in any of the tracks. Does that clear it up? Yes, thank you. >> Great. , next we'll be going into how to edit the clips. So, I'm going to define clips is just any piece of audio basically. So, this is a clip. It's on a track. So, you can have as many clips on a track as you want, but on a track the clips on one track can't be playing simultaneously. They will be playing sequentially. But if you want simultaneous clips to be playing like we have here, you'll have to put them on different tracks. So to edit this clip, let's just say let's play this and mute this for a moment so we can hear or let's solo this even better so we can hear just this clip because that's what we want. So if you were my name is Talia want a little break between my name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast the break between Talia and your you might go in here and let's see where we can put the player head between them. >> So maybe we want it over here. >> and you can use two options to split the audio. , let me move this over so you can see the button. , this is the razor button and basically what it'll do is wherever you put it over , you can just click and it'll cut anywhere. So, we want it cut over here. So, you just go over the cursor. So, those will be two separate audio clips now. Or I prefer just using the oh by to get back into just moving being able to move the clips you would have to exit out of the razor and go back into the move tool. That's just over there in the tools bar. My favorite thing is just using command or control K. That did that was on the wrong tab. , and that will split the audio, , where your cursor is. So, it's a nice command. , really neat trick. So, now, , when I click on these, there'll be two separate, , clips. So, if I wanted to move this one back a little bit, which I do want, , there'll be now a pause over here in this , space over here, this gray space, cuz I've moved it back. So, maybe even listening to my podcast. Name is Talia. >> So if you wanted to have a little podcast that might be nice. >> And so that is how you split clips. If you want to adjust the clips again, just say you wanted a little you split a clip here and you want to pull it out a little bit and want more of the audio to continue on from where you cut it. You would just drag it over here and you would get it back. You were listening to my podcast. My name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast and you were Yes. , and you can also do the reverse. If you wanted to cut the clip in a little bit more, , maybe you didn't want all that. , you would just move it in like that and that would cut the audio as well. , I hope that makes sense right now. , any questions with that? Okay. , so as you can see over here, we're going to get into fades. , this music luckily already has a really nice fade where it fades out and the music very nicely quiets down. But let's just say we didn't have that for a second. What if the music was very harsh and had a really abrupt and jarring ending? It just kind of goes off. There's nothing smooth or nice about it. , we have this option to do an exponential fade. And basically, it's just this button right here. And you just drag it out to where you want it. And you can even curve it down or move it to as you see fit. And this line right over here is going to show you the direction of the sound. So, from this point on, when we play, it's going to I'm going to even adjust it a little bit more. It's going to slowly and slowly get more quiet, have a really nice fade out. And maybe let's apply that to the beginning too because there also could be a potentially jarring beginning sound as well. One second. So go over here. Nice fade out. Fade in. It's a fade in. So you might not be able to hear much. And then slowly the music increases and gets nice and to the volume that we mainly want it to be at. There we go. So next I'm going to be talking about effects. , so basically, , there's track effects and clip effects. And the difference is you can either apply an effect to an entire track, which is going to clip out of that track. For example, if you were to move it down here, if I had a effect in that track, it would no longer apply to this clip that is in another track. Now I'm going to reverse that. But if you wanted to specifically apply a clip to this to apply an effect to this and not to this clip, you would double click the clip and that's going to take us to the waveform section which is just going to edit one clip. And over here I just recommend using this for now, but there are of course others in here. I'm going to use the d noiseise effect over here and I'm going to apply it specifically to this clip. So, , this is a really helpful, , this is a really helpful effect, one that I recommend definitely using for dialogue, especially if you have, , air conditioner or loud background noise. What it's basically going to do is it's going to try, it's not perfect, but it's going to try and reduce that background noise so your audio is clear and , without distractions in the background. So now if I play I think I have to think it worked. Yeah. >> Hello. My name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast >> in the room that I'm currently in. You could not hear any background noise in the back. , so that's how you apply effects to a specific clip. If you want to go back, click the multitrack option and that's going to take you back to the multitrack. And as you can see, let's do a little comparison. Maybe this clip. >> Hello, my name is Buzzing. , I don't know why I accidentally split that. Let me bring that in a little bit. And you Talia and you. So even there harsh over here over here a little bit more is Talia. My name is Talia and you were listening to my podcast. >> Maybe not. Maybe just make sure you do a little pause yourself. So I said it really quickly. So, when I broke, I didn't really have a gap between words. So, consider that if you wanted to cut your audio and split it. You might want a little bit more of a pause that I than I did when I split my clips. So, for example, I should have said, "My name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast kind of jarring end cut where you can clearly see I've cut the audio off and split somewhere else. " so, that's effects for clips. If you want to do the entire track. , one second. , also, , the preset of the podcast is going to give you these already, , effects in here in each track. So, don't be alarmed. That's just the preset of the podcast trying to help you. So, , this is where the track, , effects are. So, if I wanted to create a new effect in here, , I would turn the power button onto it and then go into here and h let's go reverb effect today. , you can explore these , effects. They're really fun and a lot of them are really helpful. For example, like the D noiseis effect. , if I wanted to make it sound like, , there was an echo in the room, , I would go into reverb and studio reverb and I'll play this. >> So, , you can see now, if you wanted to, , change the podcast, you could be in a great It just changes the environment of the room you listen to my podcast. >> So I really recommend exploring these effects. They're really fun. Yeah. So I'm going to bring this back with this. I'm going to delete this and drag it out cuz I've decided I don't really like the break in there. I feel like it feels jarring. So, if remember before, if I drag it back out, it will have the same thing. Maybe I move it a bit to the front because I want my intro to start quicker. And I'm going to unsolo this. And let's see it all play together. One second. Oh, yes. I forgot about this. Maybe I drag this a little in. Just got to play around with it. Hello, my name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast. And there we go. , so really play around with it. , there's a lot of possibilities. , it's a really good tool. , and I hope it suits , the assignments that you're doing right now. To export you go to file export multitrack mi mixdown entire session. You can title your podcast whatever you like. I'm going to keep it as it is. Oh maybe I'll change it a little bit. My podcast. You can choose where you save it. I'm just going to save it here for now. No, I won't. I will decide to save it maybe in this section, my podcast, this Adobe Audition file. And make sure you have an audio format that works. Sometimes these are not compatible with the apps you have in your computers. But I'd say MP3 is a pretty safe option. And I'm going to go okay. It's going to download. I'm going to go over here to my audition file. And as you can see, we have an my podcast MP3. >> Hello, my name is Talia and you're listening to my podcast. I have >> this on. But one second. Yeah, it's playing twice cuz I have that on. But if you just launch that, it should be able to play smoothly and singly. , so, , yeah, that's basically it. If you, , still need, , help, , with this, I Adobe and in the Adobe Hub, we do offer a free one onone help sessions. , I offer them personally as well. So, , if you want to scan this QR code, you can book a meeting, , with us and we'll help you with anything you want, even if I didn't cover it in this area. , if you want to extend yourself, stretch yourself. , I'm pretty knowledgeable in this, so I probably will be able to help you. , if you wanted to book me specifically, cuz I have the Adobe edition knowledge compared to a little bit better compared to some of the other coaches. , my shifts are Thursday, , 11 till 2 every Fortnite. So it' be this oh Wednesday, my bad, Wednesday every Fortnite. So it'd be this Wednesday and then continuing fortnightly. So that's just at level two and the Hawthorne Library. So yeah, that's that's about it from me. Do you have any questions or anything questions? Anyone? Give you a minute to think of some if you like. , thanks for that, Talia. , you managed to cover it all in the in the half hour, so go you. Well done. >> I'm so glad I did. Oh my god. >> Oh, no, no, it's all good. It's fine. Things happen. , so an interesting thing for people to know as well is that for free music, you can also check out a site called Zack. I was It doesn't matter how clearly I pronounce it. It doesn't sound right. , zap splat probably like zapslat noise sounds. So, I'm typing that in the chat now for you all. Zaplat. , they've got free. It's just like just Google Zapslat. , they've got good sound effects like, you know, people knocking at the door, sirens. You've also got music in there and you can get a subscription to it, but , there's plenty of free sounds on there as well. There's a lot of other sites like that. , a lot of us just use Zaplat for that. So I think yeah to recap what Talia has done here she's taken us through starting up a new file going to file open multi-track which then opens up the multiple tracks the different layers call name your track what you want to call it so maybe voice at the start music sound effects or choose the podcast function importing in your audio which Talia covered and I covered a little bit too which means that you've already got your interview that you've done on your phone or something as an MP3 or you might have done it through Adobe Audition, but most people just do it through Zoom or Teams or on their phone. Just use the phone recorder, which I did one the other day like that. And then you just import that file in. One question, one thing I found that threw me a little bit, so I don't know Tyler if you have the magic answer to this one is when I've recorded an interview on Zoom. So, what we do with that is actually just run it with the camera on like normal and hit record and that will have a separate audio file, but it's not an M. It's not a file that when I try to import it straight into Adobe Audition, it doesn't take it. So, I have to convert it in some way. Does that help your experience? Yep. >> Yes. , okay. I'm going to share my screen again in a second. , I'll just do it now. So there is this app called one second. There is this app called media encoder where let me bring it up over here. Let me minimize that. This app over here and it's going to be able to encode whatever media file you have into a different type of media file. So for example, I'm going to let me So I've double cllicked over here and that's going to let me import what I want. , so for example, I'm just probably going to change this WAV file into an MP3 for now. And you click the arrow down here. Now, I already have it set on MP3, , but you can set it to any of these options. So, I'm going to click MP3 over here. And then I click play over here. It's loading. And now when I go back into my folder over here, it's now an MP3 as you can see. >> Does that make sense? >> Yeah. And so does that have to play the whole length of it? So, if I've recorded an hour on Zoom, does it take an hour to play? Does it hit play or does it like just do it quickly? >> It won't it won't take as long as the video or the sound is to process, but it will probably take a little bit more time, but probably not a concerning amount of time. Like maybe a few more minutes, like I'd say probably 20 minutes max if anything. >> Terrific. That's great. So, if people are doing their interviews on Zoom, you import open get the record, get the audio, drop it into that program. There's a couple of others that will suggested including Handbreak and Audacity. And then you've got the option when it's in there of tidying the audio up a bit using some of the effects that Talia she indicated the grand hall one. But there's lots of effects that will tidy it up because you know what it's like. I'm using a mic right on my Zoom. So I'm pretty clear, but I've usually I'm not clear at all when I use Zoom. It's a little bit I'm muffly because of my computer. It's in the wrong position. So, being able to just test out all the different filters and sound cleanups are really useful for getting a crisper audio. But remember that when you are listening to podcast, have a have a critical listen to the difference in the audio quality and volume between the host and the guest. For instance, in Damian's one, you can hear there's a slight you can tell that this person is not in the same room as Damian when he's recording it. That's okay. Podcasts have that accept cultural acceptance and technical acceptance that the audio doesn't have to match all the way through. Is that your experience, Talia? Do you have any advice or any suggestions around that? >> Yes. I agree with that. I think they don't have to match, but it's nice when they do match, and if you were able to edit the settings to make them match, that's always great. , two of the , effects that I'd say that would really help that is den noiseise just to get rid of the background noise , and vocal enhancer which , enhances the vocals and probably , makes it sound a little bit more clearer. But there's tons of , tutorials online that have probably more specific instructions that will help you take your , audio to the next level and make it the best it can be. >> Terrific. Yeah. So people should I guess the next step for people is to if you know what you want to do your podcast on plan you know work out what it is you want to cover in your episode go out and get your interviews do your background research so you've got the context around it as well and then practice when and you can even just practice doing interviews with us and our science students of course and each other and just practice using Adobe Audition. It's really easy to use. , it really is. , and it's very, , reasonably intuitive. The only trouble I have, and maybe Talia has a hint for this, is, and it's the same with programs like Premiere Pro, there can be a lot of, , sometimes you look up on a video how to do something, and it says go to this menu, and the menu is right there on the demo video, but you can't find it anywhere on yours because there's so many menus that they sometimes are small or hide. So, it's useful to go into the menu bar at the top and hit the toolbar and run through. Would that be right, Charlie? Is that the best way to work out where all the menus are? >> I if you're specifically looking for something and you know the exact name of it. There should be a search button. It kind of has like a magnifying glass button and you can search it from there. That's really helpful. That's usually where I go if I get lost. , yeah. Also, I'd just quickly like to mention that with the Adobe Hub help sessions, one-on-one 30 minute things, , you can book it online. So, if you don't want to come to campus, that's fine, too. >> Yeah, it's terrific. Great to know. Wonderful. Cool. , yeah, as an Adobe Aud Audition user, I feel like that's the main stuff that you've covered is actually what people need to know is how to open the file, how to import audio, how to mute, turn the volume down, how to edit, and stretching out your edit tune, making the sound the waveform, the sound wave big so you can see precisely where you want to edit, and turning the volume up and down through the decibel. Circle like the dial the electric dial electronic dial are the main things people will use and then making sure you select all source when you are exporting rather than a section and I'm assuming that's yeah that's Adobe Audition that does that. So that they're the main things. One thing to remember too is once you have done a mixdown so you've exported it you can't necessarily go back in and reopen it. You have to go back to the source file, don't you? >> If I want to change something, I've mixed done a mixown and I want to ch Oh my gosh, I cut myself off. I didn't realize. I want to re-edit this. I have to go back to the source, use the source file, don't I? >> , yeah. So, you will have to go back to your Audition session file. , any like MP3 or web files that have been exported and created, they won't change once you've edited it. But it's it takes like a few seconds to like export to a MP3 each time the web and the audition file is going to stay there. Nothing's going to convert or change. It's just going to create a new MP3 or web file. So it's really easy to do just making edits and then exporting it again. >> Terrific. Thank you. Excellent. Great. Yes. Any questions from anyone? I would like to say thank you to Carolene and Talia for their time and also appreciate everyone's time in the meeting and being patient with all the you know things happen in between but I think we Talia you managed this very short and sharp to the point of how to use this Adobe audition. So I hope this project helps to partner our STEM students and media communication students to come with a great product and that can be shared with the other educators and students to use and yeah I'm excited to see what is the final product look like and we can share this archive of the podcast sharing students experience and the capstone project research. Thank you so much everyone. >> Terrific. No worries. And I'll remind everyone there's a Monday session to drop in if you actually have you want to take actually come and talk about what you are going to do for your podcast if you want to make one. And we can run through you know the various steps again talk it through do some recordings if you want to in that session as well. >> Cool. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you. >> I think thank you Ken. So Carolene just the last question for you. So are you going to use of the Google form to partner our students between media communication and STEM? So based on their availability, we can facilitate those interview sessions. Thank you so much. >> No worries. Thank you. Thanks everyone. All right, we'll leave the session there. I'll catch you later. >> See you. >> Thank you for having me. >> Thanks Talia. >> Thank you Talia.