# VIDEO: Workshop 3: How to Pitch (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the third workshop for design for change 2025 competition. So as we promote this competition in the last two workshops you are all invited whether you're coming from Australia or you are Saravak students to submit 4minut video of your design solution to existed real challenge and you know join us in the live showcase on 5th of June. June. So before I introduce and invite our guest speaker to cover this speech presentation workshop, I would like to go with the acknowledgements of the country. On behalf of the people who participate in this event from Australia and also from Sarowak, I would like to pay our respects to the traditional owners on the land. So I would like to pay respect to the elders both past present of the again indigenous people who are protecting these lands and sharing those stories and of course a lot of our research are coming from the knowledge that we obtained from this indigenous especially Australian you know nations. So I would like to respect to all this knowledge and I hope that we have a better connections through this storytelling and that's why we want you our students our champion and students with a great idea innovative idea to make four minutes storytelling of video of how your design your prototype if it's a application mobile application if it's a website, any services that you use from your discipline knowledge to address and unpack a real challenge. Of course, with the collaboration of the industry that would be amazing to share with the community with the impact that potentially that idea might bring. So today we have Min in the room. So I would like to invite him to introduce himself and take us to these inspiring slides that I've already seen and yeah get excited to see how we can improve our presentation especially if we want to pitch it to the investors. Thank you so much mean >> thank you beta. I'm just sharing my screen now. Can you guys see that? >> Yes. >> Okay awesome great. So, my name's Minshin Tan, but you can just call me Min. And today I'm going to be presenting on how to pitch your startup idea. , and I will go through a few different things today. So, we're going to cover off what is a startup, what is a pitch, the structure of a pitch, and some tips and tricks on how to pitch to your audience. So, quick intro about me. I am a former food technologist. I'm originally from New Zealand and I've been in Australia for five years now. I'm also a user experience designer. I also do lots of speaking. I do MCing for different conferences for like specifically tech conferences and startup conferences as well. Three years ago I also did the startup weekend and my team and I won that competition and that kind of gave me a really good exposure to what it means to actually pitch to a panel of judges and investors. My current day job is that I'm a programs and digital executive working for Siri. So Siri stands for the center of entrepreneur research and innovation. Now enough about me. Let's get into it. What even is a startup? All right. So a lot of people think that startups are like companies that are like doing all these amazing things. But the actual definition of it is that it's the very early stage of its operations. Typically startups are they're still finding their feet. They're still doing the validation. They haven't even got sales typically sometimes. So more often than not they are financed during the startup period with money from themselves from all their other founding team members or what we call bootstrapping. What that means is they are putting in their own money to actually fund their startup. So why do 95% of startups fail? There are a plethora of reasons why they fail. And the reason why that the failure rate is so high is because a lot of times they could be a mixture of that the team is not cohesive. Basically their founding team might have some cultural issues or some misalignment of where they want to take the startup and that leads to the lack of vision. So basically they might have different visions or wedding. If someone says they're going to purchase something from you, if they've only verbally said it, it actually doesn't mean anything. You have to get everything in black and white. Even then be really clear on when that money is actually hitting your bank account. So startups assume that because you signed on a dollar line means that the money is going to be in your bank account that same day. It is not the case at all. Also the biggest one is that there's no product market fit. So startups typically haven't done the work around validation. They haven't actually spoken to customers or that they haven't really finessed what the product is actually trying to solve. And also the biggest one is they just run out of money. But the biggest reason why is also the founders just didn't know how to pitch. And pitching is both an art and a skill that if you are a startup founder or if you are on a leadership team, it is really important you know how to pitch. So, the pitch structure that I'm going to be showing you guys today is typically how you pitch in front of a panel of investors. They could be angel investors or venture capitalists or even just people who would want to invest in a startup. That could be your friends and family but typically it would be like two investors who have money or sophisticated investors. So what actually is a pitch? A pitch is a short and concise way to convince others that your idea or your startup company is worth backing and supporting. So you want to make your pitch really attractive to investors. Investors typically also have their own metrics. They have their own KPIs. When I say KPIs, it means key performing indicators or OKRs or objective key results. So basically angel investors and venture capitalists, they have different things that they're going to be looking out for. And pitches basically mean that you as a startup founder, you have to be confident in how you're going to be presenting. You have to be confident in what you're actually working on. You have to be confident in the problems that you are solving. So I always say to the startups and the residencies here in Western Australia that you should fail fast, fail often and fail forward. It is because basically when you're doing this journey of being an entrepreneur or a startup founder, you are going to be failing a lot, right? But failure isn't fatal. It's only fatal if you actually stop. So, and that's why when you pitching, it's going to feel like you're going to not feel like you're going to go anywhere. But like the example of Canva, so Melanie Perkins, she pitched to at least a hundred different VCs before she got her first investment. , so for some people you could see that as a failure, but actually she was failing forward because she was learning from every single pitch that she was doing. And as she was pitching to all of those different VCs, she learned something from all of those. So just to lay out the expectation whenever you are going to be pitching that you're not going to get investment straight away. It is very lucky if an investor is going to give you money or investment from your very first pitch. Typically venture capitalists are not going to invest in you straight away. They will be seeing at least 500 pitches at any given time and out of 500 pitches they will only invest in three startups or companies that they deem that are worth backing and supporting. So all startups and successful companies are always built from many pitches and I say many and only like in the hundreds of pitches and there'll be iterations of the initial pitch that you do. So, the structure of a pitch, , it goes without saying, you must have a cover title. And, , I'm going to go through like three different, , pitch decks and what they should be covering. So, this is actually, , Airbnb before it was even called Airbnb. So, the thing is with a cover title and the things with pictures, the structure is very similar. And I'm showing basically a format that a lot of startups all over the world and Australia use. So typically they will have a logo, they will have a slogan and they will have a basically like you know an intro introduction here. So for Airbnb the slogan is book rooms for locals rather than hotels. Nowadays you would say that slogan is a little bit too long. Slogans typically if you can get it down to at least six words or less. But that's not like a hard rule. It's u basically trying to make your startup memorable to investors so that they know what you do without having to look at your pitch again. And this is a company based here in WA called Eden Towers. So basically they do like farming in a way that is ultra sustainable. So their slogan is future farming and food company sorry the slogan is sustainable produce for a healthy future. So that's one, two, three, four, five. Is that six? Yeah, six words. , basically that's a good succinct slogan. And it basically like you see mushrooms in the background and it kind of gives you that curiosity. So basically a cover title should be like, oh, I want to see what they're going to do. , and this is another one called Hakio. So basically they're all about eliminating global waste and they're all about eliminating waste in the supply chain which sounds very boring but as a startup founder it is your job to actually make your startup and the problem that you want to solve super interesting. So that's just the cover title and typically the first thing that you want to talk about is the problem. What is the problem that you are solving in your industry or in your field. And I always say like give them a hook, right? So typically if a pitch allows time and pitches typically can range from anywhere from 30 seconds, 3 minutes, 5 minutes to 10 minutes. However what I've seen in the industry is that 3 minutes is the standard. So your hook has to be really good. So the problem for Airbnb it's like you know it's really expensive to book something online and also hotels just don't connect you with the city in a cultural way. And basically it's like it's not easy for a host to actually like get someone to go into the room. That's probably like their hook. So basically for Hakio this is basically highlighting hey companies waste 1. 1 trillion euros due to poor planning. And that straight away it's like whoa that's kind of like a lot of money. So basically they will be describing that you know this is a big industry problem that they have there. And for Eden Towers they kind of went on the angle of our health is under immense pressure and basically what is this problem? Basically they're saying that look there's chemicals and preservatives in our crops and it's going to be dangerous and basically it's there's supply chains that have compounding problems and that you know worldwide we're seeing increase in illnesses. So as someone who is going to be listening to this pitch you like oh okay tell me more. So the hook should basically want your audience to kind of like okay tell me more how are you going to be solving this problem. You told me the problem right and you given me some stats you given me some numbers around the problem. How are you going to solve that? So this is an optional slide around either the vision or the market potential. So I was saying before that because 3 minutes is not a lot of time. It's 180 seconds and that goes very quickly. So this like this vision or market potential slide is only like placed there if you have the time and if it's actually relevant to how your solution is going to solve that. So for Airbnb they're talking about hey look there's like over two billion trips booked worldwide. And basically like they're talking about what is the budget and online for the serviceable available market and for Hakio they're talking about again the global market around in Europe in the United States and in the rest of the world. So now I was talking about the solution. So basically, your solution needs to be connected to the problem that you're trying to solve. So for Airbnb, they're saying, "Hey, look, we want to save money and make sure that if you're a host that you're making money and that also you want to have that connection to the city, which is one of the things that makes it separate from like your normal hotels u for Hakio. So basically they're saying that how could you stock the right quantities at the right times while eliminating manual nonvalue adding work and for Haku because it's more of a SAS platform or a service as a software as a service product basically and they're showing like a screenshot of what their product does. And for Eden Towers, they're saying they take the traditional farm supply chain, food production model, invertedly integrate and transform the supply chain. So when they're talking about the solution, it'd be slightly high level and then you'll have more time to actually talk about if you had like traction or not. So again a competition slide is only given if time allows you to showcase if you have if it's like within 3 minutes or is actually going to be leading into how you made like your traction. So basically for Airbnb they're saying look they're more affordable and it's also they have like an online like transaction too. So basically they're demonstrating their unique selling point. So for their validation interaction so Hakio were talking about like basically how they were able to get more revenue or how they were able to save like the due to cost savings for some customers. So for Eden Towers they produce clean nutrient-rich value for money food and deliverance in hours. And basically they just showcase a model of how that could work. And typically if you were going to say for example in 6 months we got our first two customers. And you can actually just say that you don't necessarily have to present it only if you want to and if you feel that those numbers are significant for your audience. Also it's important for your audiences especially for the investors that they want to see what the business model is. So for Airbnb they basically say we'll be taking 10% commission on each transaction. So they say on average there's a $20 fee. Mind you, this Airbnb slide deck is like their very first slide deck. , so this is this is why it looks so basic. , but I just want to illustrate that the principles of what they're showing is pretty much like there and hasn't really changed all that much. , and also if you have a team, always showcase who you who your team is , and who you work with. So this is Airbnb's , initial , founding team , and this is , for Hakio. So basically just that it's always worth showing your qualifications, show your credibility, and show as well where they've worked at before. Because that kind of gives investors or your audience that confidence that you know like you've done like really great work in the past and basically they see that you know your past work is a reflection of your future work as well within your team. So the structure of a pitch once you've demonstrated your team and at the end of that you must always have an ask or a call to action. So your pitch is not going to be ending with just a oh thank you like yes you should say thank you at the end of a pitch. However you must have a very clear ask of what you want the audience to do. Are you going to be asking them for investments? Are you going to be having a call out for specific team members with skill sets to join your team? Are you looking to make connections or you're looking for specific connections in the industries? Are you looking for certain like customers or customer contacts? Have a very clear and specific call to action. So for Eden Towers, they're saying we are now raising capital to scale. , and basically they're talking about what they're going to be using that capital for. And once you've done that, have a thank you. And al if there is time allocated to ask questions in the audience, always make sure that you're going to be asking questions and from your audience. And as well if you can include an appendix for anticipated questions because a lot of the times there's going to be some investor will be asking you how did you get those numbers? That business model be asking so if you have that ready to go at the end of it to your audience and potential investor practice I cannot emphasize this and I coach and that if you think you've practiced enough you haven't practiced enough you have to practice your pitch until you can basically say it in your sleep right So basically you need to get to a point where you are confident on the stage and I always tell the startup founders like you don't go up on a stage and say no like you have to say you just got off with your hook straight away. Also illustrate that you love your problem and not just your solution. When I say love your problem like the problem that you are trying to solve, right? And really showcase that you've done your research, you've done your validation, you've done, you know, like you actually done the work with like talking to your customers. You've asked them how much they would pay for your solution. You've asked them if they would actually want to use this in their industry or in their line of work. When it comes to the presentation of your slides, simple is best. So, I want to say simple is best. Make sure that you don't have too many images or too many slides on your pitch deck. A lot of technical people are putting graphs and like pie charts and all that on there, but there'll be too much information. If it's too much information, you're going to lose your audience. And if it's like a threeminute pitch, that is the last thing that you want to do because they won't know where to pay the attention to. They don't want to pay attention to you speaking or on the slides. So your slides must be simple. And also on top of that, make sure that they are accessible. When I say accessible, you have to actually cater for people who could be color blind. So make sure that your slides at a bare minimum have to be able to be projected onto a screen. And something to look out for colors like green and yellow sometimes on a projector can basically are not legible on especially a large screen. So I think there was one starter conference where basically someone had yellow and it was just like the bright yellow and basically no one could read what was on their slide deck. So make sure that you don't fall into that trap. Make sure that you have something that stands out and differentiates you from yourself but is actually going to be allegible. And also when you have when you're pitching, have fun. You got to like showcase that you are confident, you love what you do and enjoy the stage when you're pitching or the audience and your investors are going to see that, right? And even if they don't fully agree with your startup, they don't fully agree with the problem that you're trying to solve, but if they believe in you as a person and they are curious to know more, then you've done your job. And you can do that by having fun. And also ask yourself if you're an investor, what would you like to see? What would you want to see when someone is pitching? Right? So I kind of like highlighted a lot of the things that investors they're typically looking as I said for the problem the solution market validation your team. So those are the things as a bare minimum they would be looking for and also like look out for something like if it's for a specific industry audience or panel like have like do your research as well. Who's going to be in the crowd? Who's going to be in your audience? And you can put a play into your pitch if it allows it to. All right, any questions? >> Thank you so much. I guess I would like to ask you this question because you mentioned that you already win one of these peach presentation. So that was about can you just briefly talk about it like we would like to know I mean I wanted to ask you to pitch it for us but I was thinking maybe that's a very harsh question to ask you with us but since you practice maybe you are ready to pitch it to us but I just wanted to learn from you what was your idea. >> Sure. So the pitch that won at started weekend was basically it goes like this. Do you know someone in your family or your friendship group has been scammed? All right. So then I'll ask everyone, okay, we're all been like scammed and it's absolutely awful. Than I say. We as Australians, we get scammed out $2 billion every year by scams. And basically, we're thinking about, you know, older like vulnerable people who have like funds taken away from them. And at the moment, there's not a lot that the industry is doing to prevent this, right? Because every year it's getting worse and worse and worse. Then I talk about my solution which is called scam alarm. And scam alarm is basically it is a mobile app that links family members to each other so that they're able to prevent scams from happening. So if your for example your grandma or nana is getting a text or phone call from someone they do not know, it will alert her sons and her grandsons to say grandma has received this text from this unknown number and basically from a family perspective they can block that interaction with the grandma. So basically that was the solution I am proposing to prevent this from happening. That's an example of the pitch I did initially. Yeah. >> Yeah. Thank you. I was just kind of an example of how our students because again I was in the internship meet meeting with the meet internship meeting with the students and industry. So I've seen a lot of our students working with the industry they come with kind of addressing with a mobile app or website or some data visualization they are trying to support a service to the client or in a street client. So that was something that I want them to have an idea from. Yeah. What you just said having said that so your application is offering that to the people who are living in the same country or someone can get if I if my father receive this type of like can we work from overseas like outside Australia or is just working in Australia? The whole idea for it was to work outside of Australia as well. >> that basically obviously we have family all over the world. And these attacks can happen at any time. So the whole idea is as a family plan that if you have one family member who could not help basically receive the notification that grandma is getting this text then basically there another family member who can say hey I don't know who this is from. I'm going to block it. >> All right. Yeah, that's a great idea because a lot of these type of technologies are still is not really user friendly for some of the you know elders in our family members. All right. So is there any question for Maine? Again for those students who are going to watch this pitch presentation that was just a showcase of how the product that you're going to submit to us as part of design for change is decided to be a 4minut video and that 4minut video I just wanted to give you this option of presenting the way that you can hook as main mentioned Start with introducing your challenge and then start maybe the way that I wanted in the 4 minute video. I wanted a bit of time on maybe one minute on your design. I'm interested to see how that design and the rational and that thinking behind the design which is coming to be introduced as a design solution to the existed challenge. So but again you are welcome to use some of these active messages that mean mention. So but yeah we are flexible with how you are going to create your 4minut video but this could be the start of something that you would like to do in future and maybe you are coming with a great idea and you want to come up with your startup with a support of your peers or extended networking. So then that would be something that you will consider as mean mentioned basically for aim for 3 minutes for this type of a startup presentation. If we don't have any question then that means that this is going to be the end of this workshop. Again we really appreciate your time mean to be here and share your experience and talk about this active messages through this short effective inspiring page which can in fact hook the problem also the investors do you know mind to invest in our you know innovative ideas. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you so much for Selia to be here also and supporting our program. So our next I think meeting it will be the live showcase on Thursday 5th of June. And if you're interested to be considered, please send us your 4minut video. On Monday 2nd of June the selected 4minut video will be showcased in front of the judges and of course the impact you are going to potentially introduce to the existed challenge is going to be shared with the audience and we are going to learn from each other and of course there will be a prize and it there will be a certificate of participation and I encourage urge all of the students to make a post in LinkedIn and explain about this experience and this storytelling 4-minute video. So please reach out to us if you have any additional information otherwise I look forward to receiving your 4minut video on Monday 2nd of June. Thank you so much.