Okay, good afternoon everyone and welcome to start talking 2022. I'm going to share my slides and for those who don't know me my name is beta and I am going to be your host and of course that is going to be I'm just sharing my screen so can someone tell me that I am sharing properly you see >> good >> oh good okay so I guess welcome to the start talking 2020 22. So, I guess this is the housekeeping for the event. So, please make sure that you mute your audio video. By the time I finish my talk, we are going to ask our amazing finalists to share their video and that is going to be followed by a short Q&A from our judges up to three minutes. We are very tied with the time because I wasn't able to ignore all this fantastic video that is submitted to this competition. So I guess when I just want to acknowledge through the con go through the acknowledgements of the country on behalf of the people who participate in this event start talking from Australia and Malaysia. I would like to acknowledge the warjury people who are the traditional custodians of this land and I would like to also pay my respect to the elders both past and present of the colon nation and extend that respect to other indigenous across all the lands that you are actually joining us and especially from Australia and Malaysia. So before we start, I would like to give you that interactive question. I guess always ask these questions because I want to know if we all agree with the same answer. So how important is STEM communication for your career? I guess if you just scan that code and Casselyn is going to tell us in less than one minute what is the response. How many of the students and audience are agree with the answer A and how many percentage are agree with B or I hope nobody choosing C but I'm not going to impact on your answer. Okay, go ahead. Keslan, could you please update us the answers coming? All right. So, yes, the answers are coming in at 80 83% for the first option and 17% for the second option. >> Perfect. And do we have anyone choose C? >> No, it's 0%. So, we're getting more we're getting more option A. >> Okay, good. Now we all in the same page. So we know that the communication is important and considering if you are coming from different field of STEM communication it's very important for your career. So we're all in the same page. Let's continue. Thank you so much Kelen. So again this start talking is the initiative that my myself and my collaborators or we are working on it. We have a vision. We want to invite our talented students who are passionate about science communication to create the fourminut video and the vision that our vision is to make the world a better place to live and hopefully one day this is going to be global but at this stage this is between two campuses here in Australia and Sarak students in Malaysia. So again just the order of the event after my introduction we are going to invite the competitors and then after showcasing nine video we are going to invite our judges to the breakout room where they can make that tough decision to announce the winner of the start talking 2022. And then at the same time in the main room we are going to have some fun activity. So there will be a nine question in a cohort questions based on the video. Please watch the video and I hope you do you know that's for audience to answer the question and the winner is going to receive a prize and of course we are going to run the people's choice. So and I invited your family members, your friends so they can vote to your video and of course after the judges about for 15 minutes they decide on the winner they are going to be invited and one of the judges on behalf of the team they are going we are going to announce the winner of the start talking 2022 and I will ask my colleague Kelen to announce the people's choice and then we are going to have a screenshot with hopefully everyone ready for the video on and with a smile that is going to be a memory of this year and that is going to be the end. So again just quickly this initiative it's me and Kelen and Irene from Malaysia. Of who are very passionate about to support the students and to support them providing this opportunity for them to practice and of course this is the science and I guess we not really confident about public speaking but I guess through all of these years I found like a students coming with the more you know skills and in some cases I should learn from my students. , so what are the other collaborators? Of course, Adobe team, the digital literacy, LTU and Claire on behalf of all the amazing Adobe coaches and all the workshop they're running employability team behind the scenes. They helped me to do you know set all of these the registration and all of these session events is going to be recorded available to all the Swer students and staff and of course the teaching team of the communication for scientists and of course our consistent you know ongoing partnership between with the insurance Australia group. We always have a Harriet is there is here today. She is representing the I A and of course this is not going to happen without you the passionate students. We are here for you. Thank you so much for spending this time to create your the inspiring video. And that take us to the start talking 2022 judges. And apparently we have a female judging panel this time. So I guess Virginia. So thank you so much. And Rebecca Allen and Harriet and Claire, they are our judges and we are going to watch your video and I'm sure that you are going to be inspired. I've already watched and I can't stop watching them again. So and our amazing selected nine finalists. So I guess these are the combination. We have finalists from Malaysia, from Saraveak and here which is fantastic. And this is the people's choice. So I am going to ask u my co-host Declan to add this eventually in the chat room. But I guess if you scan this code, you can but please wait. You need to watch the do you know all of the nine videos be before you make a decision. Okay. And I know that you are here to support your family member, your friends. But please I think that is it. So, I'm going to stop sharing and I'm going to I'm going from my list I'm going to ask Charlie to present the video. So, I guess Claire, do you think that you can share this video considering yours was with a better volume? I we check all of the video they all working but in case of Charlie's video it's a with a very low volume so I hope you sitting in a quiet room. Thank you so much. Let me just turn everything up. My apologies. I'll just start now. Let me know if you can hear this though. Hello, my name is Charlie Cotton and I'm here to talk about the importance of the incorporation and maintenance of green infrastructure in urban Australian areas. Urban Australian areas such as Melbourne are significantly expanding due to their livability, experiences, and resources they provide to their citizens. Melbourne's population growth is consistent, adding around 70,000 to 180,000 people to its overall population every year. And with such a large population, sustainable and eco-friendly infrastructure is crucial to maintain a healthy city. Environmental problems associated with excessive urbanization include increased pollution which affects water, soil and air qualities. Increased usage of natural resources such as food and building materials. Sigment reduction of Australian native biodiversity increased urbanization can also increase the risk of diseases and pandemics. Luckily, solution to aid in the reduction of some of these harmful effects and that solution is green infrastructure. But what is green infrastructure? Well, put simply, green infrastructure is the incorporation of nature into our constructions of buildings and civil designs that provide us with many beneficial effects. Here is another example of green infrastructure. In this example, five different ways of incorporating green systems into buildings are shown. Green roofs, green balconies, green walls, sky gardens, and indoor gardens. However, green infrastructure can be incorporated into projects in more complex ways or far more simple ways. Some benefits of incorporating green infrastructure into Australian cities include rediversifying the urban areas with native flora while also providing habitat for native fauna. It also aids in the maintenance of water and energy systems which is extremely important as we heading towards a future where these resources will be very sparse. Here's a table of different green techniques mentioned before and energy impacts on the cooling and heating of buildings. For example, green roofs act as both an insulator repeat and an effective shading strategy during summer. Increasing green destruction in urban areas also aids in human health, both mental and physical. Plants and trees have a natural ability to filter air, turning unknown greenhouse gas into O2, an element that we breathe. Increasing the area of plants and trees also aids in the natural water system. Plants also have the natural ability to filter water, increasing green areas in cities will also aid in water infiltration, cause less soil erosion and contribute to storm water control. Several countries have taken the green infrastructure approach that we can learn from. Most notably Singapore, one of the greenest cities in the world. In 2020, over 46. 5% of the city was covered in green spaces. Here you can see just how successful some of these strategies have been. They have even implemented veggie gardens on the rooftops of buildings and have cited more native species residing in the city. Everything comes with limitations as does green infrastructure. The issues with making our infrastructure as green as possible revolves around these four main issues. Ensuring that adequate funding from government or other parties is crucial in implementing green infrastructure. The space in which to incorporate green infrastructure. Some may think our cities are already overdeveloped and have no room to add these features. The time it takes to design, propose, constructing green infrastructure and notice significant improvements on the health of citizens and the environment. And finally, the adequate maintenance of the green infrastructure to ensure the longevity of the projects and their positive impacts. Thank you for listening. >> Thank you. I think I hope that we all the judges we here like you watch this video and of course I would like to invite you to come up with a question for Charlie maybe up to three minutes. So I let you to decide who is going to ask and based on the answer how long we have for the second question maybe who wants to go from the judges to ask question from Charlie or comments. Virginia >> thank you I think this is a really great topic to research and I really enjoyed the presentation so thanks for that. I was wondering in your research you know imagine greening a city or an urban area will take a lot of management. Do what how do the examples that you presented how were they how did they come about? Were they sort of grassroots or did was it sort of like the council going this is our plan and they've got a really big scientific thing like how what do you think is the best way to be able to actually get this implemented into urban areas from your research? >> first of all I'd like to thank Claire for sharing the video. I'm not sure what happened with the sound there. And to answer your question, most of my research that I found was not in Australia. So it was kind of hard to think of a example significant to Australia. >> But I think the main thing with the management, I think it's all up to the government really like ensuring a good government with good policies and that actually cares about our environment and the future. >> Yeah. Thank you. No worries. >> , I've got a quick question that kind of backs on to that. , in terms of the research that you did in other countries, are there , examples of retrofitting old buildings or is most of the work being done for buildings that are , incorporating these kind of green designs into the future? >> Yeah, going into my research, I was really interested in the retrofitting old buildings. I think that's more important than designing new buildings with green infrastructure. But there wasn't much on that. That's why in my limitations I had space as one of them because it's it is obviously harder to add it to existing buildings instead of incorporating it into new designs. >> Great. Thanks. >> No worries. >> All right. So, I guess if you are happy and I didn't ask Charlie because he might be at work and I didn't ask him to turn on his video, but I want the competitors to please be ready when you're talking with the judges. Please turn on your video. We want to see you and be able to communicate with you, I guess. If you can please JM if you can please share your video. >> Okay. Howdy everyone. My name is Jotum Lee. Welcome to my presentation video. Did you all know that the world population is estimated to reach 9. 7 billion by 2050 with accompanying global food consumption increasing by 70% to 100%. And to make matters worse, food waste assessates inefficiencies in food production. Low fertility and animal reproductive issues also impede the effectiveness of livestock operations in many parts of the world. One of the most challenging problems we face in the 21st century is feeding 9 to 10 billion people sustainably by 2050 while mitigating environmental impacts such as greenhouse gas emissions, biodiversity loss, land use change, and loss of ecosystem services. Food security must be ensured to achieve this aim. And what is food security you ask? That is indeed a very good question. According to the United Nations, food security is defined as the physical and economic availability of all people at all times to adequate, safe and nutritious food to suit their dietary needs and food choices for an active and healthy life. This brings us to my topic in which we will be looking at the significance of nanotechnology in ensuring sustainable food production and its social impact. Why? Well, to end world hunger of course. Zero hunger is the second sustainable development goal in which this topic heavily focuses on achieving. This development goal aims to end hunger and all forms of malnutrition by 2030. It also commits to universal access to safe, nutritious and sufficient food at all times of the year. So how does nanotechnology work? Nanotechnology is a technology on the nanometer scale and deals with the atoms, molecules or the macroolelecules with the size of approximately 1 to 100 nanometer to create and use materials that have novel properties. Now let us move on to the first part of this presentation on how this topic is significant. First off, nanotechnology advancements have revolutionized a variety of scientific and industrial fields including the food industry. Nanotechnology is significant in a sense that it provides better senses for monitoring physical, chemical or biological properties and processes. Technologies for controlling pathogens to increase food safety and minimize food waste and novel materials for time and targeted agrochemical delivery. With the increasing need for nano particle uses in various fields of food science and food microbiology such as food processing, food packaging, functional food development, food safety, detection of food born pathogens and shelf life extension of food and or food products, nanotechnology applications have emerged. Food nanotechnology has penetrated many sectors of consumer goods including food packaging, additives and food preservation. Several innovative nano materials have been designed to improve food quality and safety, growth of crops and environmental conditions monitoring. Moving on, the viability of this topic. Using nanotechnology for food production is viable in Malaysia because Malaysia has its own national nanotechnology center to coordinate and develop this technology. Wow. Nanotechnology industes on four key strategic sectors to drive the growth of Malaysian nanotechnology sector and the food and agriculture so happens to be one of the sectors. Hence all these clearly show the potential of applying nanotechnology in agricultural food production and its social impact and helping to avert achieving zero hunger. Thank you so much for watching. Bye. Okay, thank you so much. We had few seconds in during at the end with no sound but I hope the judges hear what you produce. Thank you so much. So I guess now if you can turn on your video and be ready for some of the questions from the panel. Thank you. Can I just go? I mean, maybe I went last time. Do you want to go first, Claire? >> Harriet and Rebecca are also here, so I don't know. Harriet, do you have any question? >> Yeah, I did I did have a question. , >> yes, please go ahead. >> Quite a good quite enlightening. I haven't thought about nanotechnology use food production. So, it was very interesting. , what were some of the kind the social and ethical issues? Did you come across those when you were doing some research of how you might apply nanotechnology to food? Just interested to understand that. >> Sorry, could you please repeat? >> Yeah, just what were what were the any social or ethical issues came up when you were doing some of your research of what maybe some barriers to the nanotechnology in food would be? Yeah, people were concerned about the health issues because nanomaterials and nano particles incorporating them in food products might cause health issues to the consumers. So yeah, that's definitely one of the barriers. >> Okay, thank you. Maybe we can go with one more question. Virginia, Rebecca, >> Virginia, do you want to go or Okay. I was going to ask is there a specific application I guess? So nanotechnology, you mentioned kind of some areas that it could be useful, but I was just wondering if you could hone in on a specific application that you found that you thought would be the most useful in terms of food production. I guess it would be nano fertilizer because it can helps in the growth of crops which can ensure sustainable food production throughout the year despite climate change and yeah everything else. >> Great. Thank you. >> Welcome. , Virginia, do you have a short question to ask or we can skip? >> Let's let's skip and sorry about before my mute was not working. So, >> no worries. Let's go. Let's go on. That was great. Thank you. >> Thank you. I guess I just want to clarify to the audience. This is the majority of our competitors they are in the second year of the science and they create this based on not a very deep you know by practice research it's based on their passion topic and it's made for the community and the broader audience. So I guess with this we can I can see if Neoen it's coming in the if we have I don't know if I pronounce your name because you were not in the practice so newen so the title for your project is the modern composting to maintain soil health. >> Okay, I'm just checking my list to see if she's not here. I can skip to the next students and competitor. And please let me know if you join later. But because of the timing, I have to move on because I cannot see her in the list. So this next competitor is Stephanie from Sarowak. So Stephanie do you want to show share your video please? >> Okay. >> Thank you. Burns are skin injuries mainly caused by heat due to flames, chemical contact, etc. Every day over 30,000 people suffer new burns that require medical attention. Around 180,000 mortalities occur in low and middle inome countries whereas non-fatal burns are a leading cause of mobidity. One of the reasons is due to wound coverage. In UK, wounds are accountable for 3% of the total health system. Within this figure, wound dressing occupies 15% of the wound treating resources. In Denmark, an average of 3. 53 dressing changes were performed weekly with 23% of wounds having dressing changed daily. Moreover, the patients experience distress and discomfort whenever the dressings are removed and the hospital length of stay which depends on the patients healing rates can induce high treatment costs that can be unaffordable for them. Hence, we would like to propose tilopish skin and innovative wound healing genograph as the current substitute for burn patients. Tilapia fish is a marine species cultivated in most tropical and subtropical countries. The fish skin of this delicacy is an unedible byproduct. This fish skin contains a high level of type one collagen morphologically similar to those in humans. Note that collagen functions to support connective tissue, retain moisture, and most importantly facilitate healing. Based on a research paper, no dressing changes were performed. Not only fish skin has a good adherence that can better prevent wound infection, it can reduce financial cost and raises a longer quality adjusted life year. While in healthc care's perspective, it can shorten nursing time which can in turn increase their productivity especially at moments with limited nursing resources. Nonetheless, only few related and relevant number of studies were done. Further testing and research are needed to guarantee that this biological dressing is safe. In terms of future outlook, the demands of tilapia fish skin bandaid can lead to the expansion of fish farming. A disease outbreak would normally occurs when there are too many cultivated fish. This is something to be considered in future by respective authorities. As an overview, we hope our audience learns something from the video. We hope that you can support this healthcare implementation while feeling less resistant to the fishy appearance of tilapia fish skin band-aid. Thank you, Stephanie. And I appreciate if you turn on your video and we might have one or two questions from the judges. I can ask a question. So Stephanie, you did mention how popular tilapia is as a farmed fish. I guess my question is using the dressing the skin of the tilapia, could that actually be a byproduct of the farming tilapia fish for eating? So is it kind of is it a natural byproduct of the industry or would it have to be something that would be done separately? I think it can be combined cuz like actually the fish meat it can be consumed. It just the fish skin is a waste. >> Yeah. >> So I think at the same time it can kind of in increase the economy of food industry and also for healthcare. That's my opinion. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Do we have one more question for Stephanie Virginia? >> Thanks Stephanie. Really interesting. I was wondering so you were talking about some of the issues with current medical dressing such as waste and cost and so on. And I was just wondering would a fish skin have particular issues with you know storage and transport and keeping it not rotting. I guess I'm just thinking of fish skin. You know before and what afterwards after I mean after using it I guess it's a natural product so maybe it decomposes but beforehand did you come into any research on that like how easy is it to use >> cuz like the studies is quite new it's only published a few years ago and since it's only cultivated in tropical countries I believe regional transfer is one of the issues for non-tropical countries. Yeah. So there are like researches need to be made to find a way to keep the fish stay fresh I guess and yeah >> thank you. >> Great point. All right. Thank you so much Stephanie. Now you can turn off your video. I ask you later. Thanks. I guess now I want to ask I can see that Nen and I hope that I pronounce your name correctly. So I see you just join. Do you want to share your video with us if you can turn? >> Oh >> yes for sure. For sure. >> Oh perfect. >> Yeah. >> Thank you. If you can please share your video, make sure that you takeick off the sound. Yep. Hi everyone, my name is Min and today I want to talk to you about how microbes in the soil affect the nutrition of food we consume and how we can apply healthy gardening practices like compulsing to increase soy quality for food productions. In the natural environment, cls are part of a rich ecosystem, including numerous and diverse microorganism in the soil. They all work together to contribute to plant performance by improving the mineral nutrition of the soil. One of those important factors in the soil is the microbes. So, so microbes refer to tiny microorganism living in the soil. While most microb soil serve the purpose of decompositions, they can also play a major role in the growth and development of plants. Do you know that up to 1 billion bacteria can be found in a teaspoon of soy and some different microorganism can impact different nutrition level and ultimately the needs of plants in the so garden soy. So how specifically do soy microbes affect the nutritions of plants? Well, different types of microbes in the soil such as bacteria, fungi, and protozoa all work together to serve specific functions. So for example, beneficial mettosis are microbes in the soil that can help combat potential threat to plant health or microisi. It's a type of fungi that can improve the plant ability to receive water leading to healthier, more nutritious crops. In Australia, estimates suggest that between four and 13% of the general populations are food insecure due to lack of food production in remote area. Scientists are researching ways to grow more food without using more land or water to meet the demand of war populations. And one recent research focuses on the soil microbes in which plant grows. One common practice that has been applied to improve home gardening quality and quantity. It's called aerobic composting. Composting is the process of producing aerobic compost through the decomposition of biodegradable organic matter. Compost is proven to generate food impacts on the environment. First, composting allow food waste to degrade in the present of oxygen meaning no methane it produce. And secondly, composting might make natural nutrition recycling process of breaking down natural materials to produce organic fertilizers like good microbes for the market for home composting product is enormous. With the development of new technology that apply IoT to control composting, we can produce necessary microbes for better soils. One example of quality modular composting system for consumer in Australia is the subst compost system. So the Australian main subost is capable of hosting composting worms and bacteria to transform waste like paper and food scrap into rich compost. We will then use compost to improve the garden soil health for better nutritious and quality crops. With a good soil quality as a result of putting in composting, we can control and produce more nutritious crop for the home gardening space. And with more knowledge regarding beneficial microorganism in the soil, we can apply them to restore and maintain healthy garden ecosystem and produce more nutritious craft for human regarding limited pay or resources. Thank you for listening. All right, thank you so much and now we are open and to one or two questions from the judges. Claire. >> Yeah, I could go first. , I guess what I was interested in is where you thought the real innovation was because you mentioned that there were so many composting options on the market already. So, I just guess I would be interested to know more about, you know, where you think, you know, the real future and the real innovation is here. What I think the real in innovation is here that they focus on design of the subboard and they focus on building a modular design of that. So when we have a modular design of such product it's easier to target a large consumer audience. , anyone can have a house at their home and if you check their website to see the mockup of how they position the product in the garden or in the balcony, it's really easy to imagine how you could fit the product in there as a consumer. >> Okay, thanks. Thank you. Do we have one more question for Neon? If we don't considering the time. Thank you so much Nan. I guess I am going to invite the next competitor in my list which is going to be Hashita. >> Yes. >> Thank you. >> I'm just going to share my screen. >> Perfect. And I'm here to check give you >> Yep. Is it sharing? >> It's sharing. I'm just waiting for the sound. >> Hi everyone, my name is Sashita and today I want to talk about the under representation of women in leadership positions within STEM. Now before we move on, can you take a moment and guess the percentage of women in leadership positions in STEM industries in Australia? Well, women only make up 10% of leadership positions in STEM industries in Australia. This came as a shock to me as well. In fact, a recent report by the chief executive woman states that female representation in Australia's top companies is going backwards and it will take 100 years for women to have 40% of CEO position in Australia's top companies. But why is this still the case in 2022? We still see a wide gender gap in science, technology, engineering, and maths. We see very few women in leadership roles in STEM. They find it hard to succeed due to gender barriers, hostile work environments, lower pay, and so many more. Due to the difficulties of women succeeding in STEM, they end up quitting these fields altogether. The STEM industry in Australia has one of the largest pay gaps. Women in the technical, professional, and scientific services fields earn 24. 4% 4% on average less than men. They have comparable degrees, but they are still getting paid less. These pay gaps hinder women from pursuing a career in STEM and from advancing into leadership positions. In fact, Professor Lisa Harvey Smith, the Australian government women in STEM ambassador, says that once a company has recruited a highly trained woman in STEM jobs, it is hard for them to stop hating their experience and leaving before they become leaders. This has to change. Women need to secure a role in leadership position. There have been seven suggested solutions created by the chief executive woman and the Boston Consulting Group to tackle this issue. Some of these include requiring gender balance interviews for all talent pools and ensuring organizations have foundational gender equality policies. These are the actions that organizations can take to advance women's leadership in STEM. The chief executive woman also have a leaders program with the main motive of women leaders enabling women leaders. This program has helped lots of women as you can see through these statistics. Inspiring women from a young age to get into STEM is very important. In fact, I got into learning science and now majoring in biochemistry because of the female role models I had growing up. A survey conducted by Microsoft displayed that young girls show interest in STEM by the age of 11, but they rapidly lose interest by the time they're 15 because of the limited female role models. Schools should invite women speakers to inspire women from a young age and encourage them to pursue a degree in STEM. Science and Technology Australia has a program known as Superstars of STEM that aims to increase women representation. This program has 150 women from different backgrounds who are role models and engage with 33,000 kids inspiring the next generation of women in STEM. The office of the women and STEM Ambassador is planning to launch a STEM equity evaluation portal in which the consultation helps the office know if they're designing the right thing for women. The number of companies setting gender balance policy has increased by 7% since 2021 and we want to see it increase in the future. The lack of representation of women in leadership roles within the STEM industry is an issue that still remains unresolved. Women must play an influential role in the future of STEM. To increase women's leadership in STEM, STEM companies should achieve a 40% men, 40% women, and 20% open ratio in the interviewing and hiring process. Government should also give priority to organizations with gender balanced leadership. Representation of women as leaders is crucial where important decisions are made and where they serve as role models for future generations. Thank you. >> Thank you so much. That was a different topic and interesting. So yeah, do we have any question for Hashita? >> Sure. Hi Ashita. That was great. Very passionate about that topic. So great work. What did you find the kind of impacts of not having women in STEM in terms of the not just the people but also the businesses? Did you see anything in your research about what the wider impact is beyond the person? >> Yeah. So while I was re researching I saw that it's not actually just about equality but businesses who don't have woman representation actually is proven to have less innovation in them because you know we as women we think of different perspectives and we have different opinions. So it's essential for our opinions to be included in future research and decisions that are important for the future. So I feel like woman representation is very important for companies and it will definitely help them succeed. >> Great. Thank you. >> Thank you. Maybe one more question for Ashita before we move on to the next one. Virgin you turn on your audio. >> I did and then I saw Rebecca turn on a camera and I was like oh maybe you had a question. So did you have a question or thank you know that I think that was a really u interesting presentation and I liked the sort of breadth that you've looked at. In your research did you find any sort of one action that is something that we you know that companies should be taking. So you've mentioned a lot of different things which is you know 40% on hiring and so on and role models. Is there did you find something that was really tangible that is going to help increase the number of women in leadership positions? >> Yeah. So the government actually or the chief executive woman has just released a report that I think I mentioned this in my conclusion that in the interviewing and hiring process they should have a 40% women 40% men and 20% open in the hiring process and I think this is really essential because as I said like we have comparable degrees and we have equal qualities and so implementing that process during the interviewing and hiring process will actually help companies achieve a gender equality balance >> noted. Thank you. >> Thank you, Virginia. All right, that take us I wish if I have more time to keep this conversation to the longer conversation, but I need to follow up with my timing and thank you Hashita. I would like to invite Somaya from Sarc to share the video with us. >> Sure. >> Thank you. >> Did you know you could be consuming a credit card's worth of plastic every week? According to Hood, scientists have estimated that the average person could consume up to 5 g of plastic weekly. And this was in 2019, mind you. Who knows how much worse it's gotten now. We have no one but ourselves to blame. Hi, my name is Sama and this is the taste of plastic. The world produces around 300 million tons of plastic every year and the current recycling methods are a not efficient and b they consume large amounts of energy. Plus, recycled plastic uses 95% of its durability and can only be recycled a finite number of times. That's why most plastics end up in landfills and the ocean harming both the environment and wildlife. So to ensure sustainable consumption and production of plastic, scientists have proposed a new method of upcycling plastic by converting it into vanilla. Vanilla is the molecule of vanilla which gives it its distinct flavor and smell. Vanilla has a molecular formula of C8HO3 and presents as a whitish powder in its pure form. Currently, vanilla is mass-produced from materials such as prochemicals, the stuff from petroleum refining and wood pulp. Yeah, I know plastic doesn't seem too far-fetched anymore. But back to the topic. This production is through two main processes which are transformation from a similar molecule or using microorganisms. Why do we need to make vanilla when we can get it from vanilla beans? Well, because the natural source of vanilla supply unfortunately cannot meet its demand. So, we had to find an alternative. And why not kill two birds with one stone while we're at it. Initially, Sadler and Wallace had thought of using lab grade polyethylene theftalate, more commonly known as PET plastic. Yes, the same PET that you see on most of your bottles and containers. Above 50 million tons of it is produced every year. So you can see why it's a problem. Lap grade pet however is expensive. So they ended up settling for a waste plastic bottle that they had found in the streets of Edinburg. I think this is better because it proves that the experiment is viable in a realworld situation. To begin the experiment, these two scientists use an enzyme known as leaf branch compost cut to break down PET plastic into the acid and ethyline glycol. Freshly prepared E. Coli rare P van X, an engineered version of E. Coli which was modified to reach the end product in one step and a bot transformation buffer concentrate were added to the thealic acid and analyzed for 24 hours at room temperature. The aquis media for the experiment had a pH between 5. 5 to 7, which adds to the feasibility of the experiment as these conditions are easy to replicate and have a relatively large range. Thankfully, after 24 hours of the first attempt, vanilla was produced without having to adjust any of the inputs. It was like a Eureka moment, but the raw materials were still modified to increase the yield from a mere 5% to 79% producing a title of 785 micro molds. More research is still needed to conduct the experiment on a larger scale and further improve vanilla yields as much as possible. Despite all this, the future of plastic recycling is starting to look brighter. Plastic could now be a raw material rather than a waste product. And who doesn't like vanilla? Thank you for listening. I hope it was as interesting to you as it was to me. It was interesting. I guess if you can please Somaya be ready. Good with the video on and we are going to have one or two questions from the judges. Everyone is busy writing the scores. I know it's very tough. You want to watch and at the same time thinking and writing. Sorry for all of this work, Virginia. >> So 50 million tons of plastic PET1. Is that what she said? And how much vanilla does that make? >> 50 million tons of PET. So the plastic bottle that the scientists had used it had approximately a weight of around 500 g and they got a tighter of 785 micro moles from just 500 g. So 500 g is about let's say maybe a billion times smaller than the 50 million tons. So you can imagine how large scale that would be. And what and the waste products? >> Sorry, >> what waste products do you get out of the process? >> , currently the waste products they had not analyzed the waste products. They were mainly looking for the vanilla and there's not a lot of research that has been done to replicate this experiment. So currently the waste products haven't been looked into. >> Very interesting. Thank you so much. >> Thank you. Thank you. We are open to one more question, quick one or we can skip to the next video. Okay. So I guess thank you so much Somaya. That was very interesting topic and very engaging video. I guess that is going to take us to the next topic which is and I would like to invite Claire if you're in the room please share your video. >> Yep absolutely working on it. >> Thank you Claire. Claire, can you please stop sharing? Remember that sound that I asked you to tick before you share the video because we don't have the sound. >> Sorry, let me try and fix that. >> Don't worry. , so yeah, there should be a button with the sound that you tick, then you share. >> Hi, my name is Claire Olden. I'm a student who lives and works on the unseated lands of the Orandry Warong people of the Cooland nation and I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the traditional owners and sincerely pay my respects to elders past, present, and emerging. Like many Australians, I've grown up in a major city and I'm not from an indigenous background. As a result, I didn't grow up with much of an awareness about our non-European history or of our non- urban environments. However, as I'm sure you'll remember, 3 years ago in the summer of 2019, even our cities were blanketed with smoke from catastrophic bush fires. Some argue that these fires were normal, that this continent has always had fire. But if we look at the data, these fires are unprecedented, and scientists are now working on how to mitigate this in the future. Obviously, a huge part of fire management is tackling climate change. But that's not actually what I'm going to be talking about today. While it's incorrect to call our black summer normal, there is a lot of truth to the saying that this continent has always had fire. In fact, if we look at the pre-European history, Aboriginal people have been burning this land for millennia in a practice called cultural burning. By understanding the history of this practice through a combination of western science and traditional knowledge, we can learn how to care for the land to increase its resilience to fire. Let me tell you a story about the history of this continent that isn't as well known. The first humans arrived here at least 65,000 years ago when Australia looked like this. This was during a glacial period or an ice age which made Australia cold and dry with a sparsely vegetated landscape. Over thousands of years, Aboriginal people maintained this grassland and eucalypt savannah through cultural burning. This prevented the encroachment of dense forests that would have otherwise occurred as the world transitioned into the more fertile interglacial period that we're currently in. But what actually is cultural burning? It's a traditional practice of starting controlled fires at the right time so that they're cool burn. This type of fire burns only the understory, lowering the fuel density of the forest while allowing time for animals to get out of the way. This lowers the risk of catastrophic bushfire while making it easier to hunt and travel across the land, benefiting both people and the environment. In fact, it's an example of how in Aboriginal culture there isn't really a divide between what is human and what is natural. A point we're going to come back to. It was this cultivated landscape that British colonizers observed when they arrived, describing it as a gentleman's park, as shown in this painting of cataract gorge. In the 250 years that have followed colonization, Aboriginal people have been displaced, disconnected from their culture, and murdered. As a result, traditional practices such as cultural burning have been neglected and dense forests have overgrown the large areas of the continent that were once maintained with fire, as shown by this photo of Katarak Gorge today. This along with climate change has led to a rapid increase in the intensity and the frequency of catastrophic bushfire. We know this history from a combination of western science and indigenous knowledge. Scientist Michael Sha Fletcher, a Rodri man from Melbourne University, studies the sub fossil record, organic debris such as charcoal trapped in sediment from wetlands to determine the frequency and intensity of fire. What he finds align with the traditional knowledge that tells us that this land has always been burnt. And it is this knowledge and culture that could provide us part of the solution to fire management on this continent. However, effectively utilizing this knowledge will require a rethink of both science and the western idea of the natural world. For most Westerners, we see ourselves as separate to the landscape, and we view the now uninhabited parts of Australia as wilderness. But both the sub fossil record and indigenous culture tells us that the natural history of this land is completely intertwined with the human history and that taking ourselves away is actually detrimental. What we now call wilderness was actively managed by humans for thousands of years. So if we only look at land management through the lens of western science and the human nature divide, we neglect thousands of years of knowledge that could help us care for our land today. On the flip side, broadening our definition of science to include this history could be beneficial socially and eologically and if we adopt a less colonial mindset increase the connection between people and nature. As stated by Michael Sha Fletcher, we are a part of country. Therefore, to manage country is to manage ourselves. Hi, my name is >> Thank you Claire. , now we are open to any question or concerns for Claire. >> I'll go first. >> Yeah, Rebecca. >> So, that's obviously really interesting, you know, concept. , especially as we look now with, you know, kind of modern technology that we have. And so I guess my question to you is there a way you know that in your research that you saw that we can blend cultural knowledge with, you know, modern science practices and take advantage of some like for example >> to kind of address these conditions for safer and responsible burning. >> Yeah, absolutely. So there are like there is actually quite a lot of research in this at the moment. And pe one of the big gaps in effectively implementing this knowledge is the fact that when you go to a government and you're like hey we should introduce more cultural burning. They're like okay where's the evidence? Which is why we really need that kind of modern scientific method to come in and be like yep here's all the like pyographic evidence for example of how it promotes biodiversity and increases the resistance to fire. So yeah there is a lot of research and in terms of blending like technology modern technology with like what we know there's quite comprehensive burning in the upper parts of Australia in particular they were like much less affected by like colonization in terms of loss of knowledge. So for example up in Kacadoo they do burns pretty much every year and they're managed with a combination of like modern technology. So they do it by via like helicopters and stuff, but they also work with the elders of that area. So it's this really cool mix of like very ancient knowledge and really like up-to-date modern technologies. >> Great. Thank you. >> No worries. >> Thank you Claire and thank you Rebecca for the question. I guess I would like to move on and go to the next video. I know that all the judges are busy with scoring. This is going to be the one before the last one. So I would like to invite in invite Gabriella. If you're in the room, please share your >> I'll just share my screen now. Thank you. If you just increase that so you just go with the fullest screen that would be good. Good. Hi all, my name is Gabriella Hall and today I'm going to be talking about the potential to use psilocybin which is the psychoactive component of magic mushroom as a treatment for major depression. Depression affects an estimated 5% of adults globally. Despite this, the way the brain works is still somewhat a mystery and the treatment of depressive disorders tends to be a bit of trial and error. Standard treatments such as therapy and anti-depressant medications work for many people, but for around one in three with major depression, they just don't cut it. This is called treatment resistant depression or TRD. And here's where alternative treatments come in. Psychedelic therapy is the use of drugs including LSD, psilocybin, and DMA, ioesca, which is from a South American plant, and more recently ketamine to treat a range of mental illnesses. The therapeutic use of psychedelics definitely isn't a new concept. It dates back centuries being involved in healing rituals and ceremonies in native cultures across the world. They made their way into western medicine in the mid 1900s and this only stopped really when it became a popular recreational drug and stigma and legal barriers caused on the research. Psychedelic therapy is making a comeback in the last decade or so, but it's still sitting in the clinical trials phase and hence isn't widely available yet. I'm going to be focusing on psilocybin and its effects on treatment resistant depression in this talk. Now you might be wondering what does psychedelic therapy actually involve? It tends to be one to two sessions where a very measured dose of psilocybin is ingested. This is in a safe environment supervised by a specially trained mental health professional. These sessions are in amongst several talk therapy sessions which help prepare the patient for the trip and also reflect on it. Looking at a 12 patient clinical trial from 2015. Depressive symptoms in most participants were very significantly decreased for many even to the point of remission. This is both immediately after the session and at a three-month followup. There were also no lasting adverse effects reported and other similar trials have had similar results as well. This indicates that psilocybin could be pretty much a once- off treatment for depression which is a massive difference to taking daily anti-depressants which have limited success and often many side effects. Whilst keeping in mind the very small sample size of this particular study and the need for a longerterm followup, it sounds promising enough to call for further research. Now, how does this actually work on the brain? I'm going to be honest, there isn't enough knowledge about the brain causes of depression or the impact of psychoactive drugs to answer this question completely. A main theory is based on neuroplasticity, which is the idea that the brain's connections are flexible and can be strengthened, weakened, or rearranged. Being under the influence of a psychoactive drug increases neuroplasticity and kind of opens up the neural pathways in the brain which can be really beneficial if it takes place in a therapeutic environment. Now psychedelic therapy is far from an accessible treatment in Australia at the moment. Psilocybin's class as a schedule 9 drug in Australia which for comparison so is heroin. That's the second most restricted class of medicine. It's only legal in clinical trials and would need to be reclassified as schedule 8 to be a still very highly regulated but legally available treatment for people with a need for it. The current trials are mostly in phase one and two, meaning it's still being tested for safety and effectiveness. Phase three will check the efficacy at a much larger scale and needs to be completed with positive results before the treatment can move out into the world. Despite the road ahead, this can potentially become a lifesaver for millions of people struggling to get adequate help with their depression. I hope you've learned something new in the last few minutes. Thanks for your time. >> All right, thank you Gabriella. So, we are open to one or two questions from the judges and we can move on to the last video. I can ask a question if Rebecca go ahead. >> So sorry if I missed this but is there one type of psychoan that's been proven to be more effective in the studies? >> so I didn't see any like research that had a specific type of psilocybin in it or not. It was all just kind of classed as just psilocybin. I think some of like a lot of the research would be psilocybin that was kind of created in the lab rather than from an actual mushroom. Yeah, >> thanks. >> Thank you. So judges, we are happy with the showcasing of this topic and the video and the question. Okay, thank you so much Gabriella. So, we are going to invite the last competitor mean to be ready and I want to ask my collaborator co-host Declan and Castan to be ready because after mean I'm going to be honest I just learned how I can break make a breakout rooms in Zoom. So, I'm going to act on that to invite the judges to the to go to the breakout rooms and then I'm going to ask Declan to play the cohoot question. I'm going to ask Klan to add the link for the people's choice in the chat. Okay. But right now, let's focus on the last video. Min, are you here? >> Yeah, I'm I'm here. >> Good. So, could you please share your video with us? Hello everyone, my name is Minten and today I want to talk with you about the hydrogen energy. Most specifically focusing on the way to storage and transportation of hydrogen. First please I have a question for you. How long do you think that we can produce energy by keep burning fossil fuels? 10 years, 10 years, 100 years, but it can't be forever. That's why we need to fight a more sustainable energy and that's renewable energy. Actually, we have been use some type of renewable energy for a long time such as the solar energy or the wind energy. But they all have problem that if fluctuation depend on the season or region and especially they cannot storage or transport like fossil fuel. So hydrogen energy is a solution. So what is hydrogen energy? Simply hydrogen energy is use of hydrogen to generate energy. Energy from hydrogen can be electricity, heat or power. But the basic reaction is that we use hydrogen to combine with oxygen and the final product is just water. Really friendly to the environment. However, there's one big problem for the hydrogen that is hard to store or transport in a large amount because hydrogen is a gas in normal condition and especially it's easy to explode like this. Wow, it's so scary, right? So, one of the traditional way to store hydrogen is you liquid hydrogen. It means we will use high pressure and low temperature to transfers hydrogen from gas to the liquid and put it in storage. However, it has so many limitations such as it require expensive material to make special storage tank or it will cost much energy to keep high pressure and low temperature. H I guess after the information many of you will not support hydrogen anymore. But >> hold up wait a minute. >> Luckily scientists have find new way to deal with this problem that is using the LT technology. LC is standing for the liquid organic hydrogen carrier. H it's so complicated but basically we'll use an oil like organic compound that can chemically b hydrogen into it structure and later it can release hydrogen back for usage. Let's take an example. For example, I have delicious oranges and I want to give it to my friend but he is so far. In this case, oranges is an example of the hydrogen. So to deal with that, I just need to take a back. A bag is example of the L O S put in it and then it to my friend. Later my friend can easily take the oranges out and can reuse the bag later. This is also a feature of the LC as it can be reusable. Really awesome. This technology has so many benefits. Firstly, it will make hydrogen more safety. This is an experiment about the safety of using LG. As I have showed before, norly with just a small fire, hydrogen can be explosion. But when it's stored in LG, it's really safe and stable under the normal condition. So, it's suitable for onboard storage, transportation, or usage. More than that because LC is very similar to oil or DSO is suitable with the existing infrastructure that have been built for the liquid fuels. So it can be applied without building a new whole system. Let's imagine in the future if you want to get hydrogen fuel for your car, you just need to make a call to order and then it will ship directly to your home. Really convenient. Finally, this technology is still have so many potential for the future development. For example, currently scientists are focusing on how to make the unpack and back hydrogen reaction more effective. On the other side, they are also finding the most suitable LOC compound because we have so many candidates such as this one, this one, this one or this one, this one, this one. The most suitable OSC candidate should be have low production cost, safety and especially has high storage capacity. So hopefully with the technology hydrogen can be replaced for the fossil fuel in the future. Thank you for watching. Thank you so much M for delivering the shipping the hydrogen to our houses. So I guess we are open to one quick question from the judges or if the video was clear we can move on to the judging room but let's see. So the judges are very busy with the scoring as you can see. >> Okay question if you like. >> Yes please. Just >> really great presentation. So where do we get the hydrogen from that we're going to put into this? >> do you mean that how can we produce hydrogen? >> Yeah. How do we produce green hydrogen? >> Yep. So actually we have so many way to produce hydrogen and for example we can produce from the renewable energy. We can produce from fossil fuel or especially we can produce from the water. So actually the hydrogen is mainly produced by the renewable energy and fossil fuel. But for the watch for from the water they are still on make a research to increase the efficient of this process. >> Thank you. >> Yeah sure. No worry. >> Thank you so much. I guess I am going to see how I can deal with this activity the task. Teslan could you please add the people's choice in the break in the chat and Declan can you please bring the your page share your screen with the cahoot so the audiences except the competitors welcome to join us so I am going to work with this Virginia, did you assign to go to the room? Did you receive the message? And Claire and Harriet. >> It went away before I could press the button. Like I just saw it and then I went to press on it and it went away. >> Oh. >> So I don't know how to get it back. >> Okay. All right. So I'm going to close that and I'm going to make it again. , I can see Rebecca and Harriet. They are in the room. And to be honest, I don't know how I should >> I don't know how to join it. >> I don't either, Virginia. I just I'll >> see anything that tells me I can join. >> Me neither. >> It just says I'm not joined. And you're not joined. Oh, hang on. , I didn't the IT people didn't teach me about this task. I need to we need to I didn't we need to find out. >> I'm so sorry that I don't know the answer to this. >> Okay, I'm going to see if I can create another breakout rooms. At least I can keep you two. And can you type in the online form, please? I'm going to figure out. And for the audience could you please add this game pin. So meanwhile we are working >> this meeting is being recorded. >> Join breakout room. >> Thank you. All right. So, can we ask the audience to add this pin code to the cahoot 150 824? So, so far we have two competitors. I guess we want to have the com we invite the audience to join us for this cohood question. The winner is going to receive 50 bucks. So, Declan, just wait for the audience to maybe be ready for this. And Castlan, did we add the link for the people's choice in the chat? >> Yes, it's in the chat. >> Thank you so much, Declan. I don't know if you are able to turn on your v video so I can see you and then we can see if everyone is ready. We just give another one minute. I see that the audience start joining. Declan, maybe we can have a bit of the audio. Meanwhile, we are waiting. >> What audio? The music. >> Yeah, let's stick to the music of the cahoot. I don't have other music. I can play from my mobile. All right. So I'm going to count down from 10 to 1 and then we are going to start the you know the cahoot question. So 10 >> I'm just going to quickly >> 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 and a half. 125 and I'm going to announce number one. Let's start. During the composting process, what do the microorganisms from the soil do? All right, next question. Let's escape. Next. How do we know that this continent has been managed with the fire? You have 20 seconds to answer. That is based on the video that we have seen from Claire. All right, let's move on to the next question. Next, what collagen does the tilapia fish skin contain? That was the idea for the wet helling. Hopefully you remember from the video. All right. Well done. Let's move to the next question. What bacteria was genetically modified to convert terafitic acid into the walle. So we are looking for the bacteria that was used during the process to convert >> actually in the photo there. Oh, then that's the that is the help to the I'm hoping that the audience like I see some of the competitors they actually participate. I'm going to make a decision at the end. Anyway, they have one question in this list. I see Gabby competing. All right. So, let's move on to the next question. If we have a competitors who are involved, we might need to decide All right, thank you Scopeboard. Let's move on to the next question. What percentage of the woman in the professional technical and scientific services fields earn an average less than men? Tell us about the average. If you remember what Hashittita presented during his her video. All right, let's move on to the next question. Please remember there is a link in the chat which you can vote for the people's choice. Thank you scoreboard. If you have your family member or your friends they can watch to your video. Please ask and share that link with them because very soon after the judges announcement Castelan is going to be invited to announce the people's choice winner. All right. Now we go with the you know who is the at least the three com winner in the start talking 2022 from the audience. I see hash maybe Gabby and Claire number two. Who's cla number two? >> me. Sorry, it didn't like that. >> So, so you all are the competitors. Yes. So, I can see Gabby and Gabriella Hashita and is that clear the one of the competitors? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Okay. Then that is the consistent setting and I think Claire is going to be considered as a winner of this cahoot. Competition. So I guess Claire, you won 50 bucks for answering the question. If we have the audience, that was the priority, the one that is not involved with the competition. But since three of the players, they are the competitors, that's okay. Thank you so much everyone for being engaged in this fun activity. And thank you Declan. Maybe we can stop this. We were witness of the who is the winners of the cahoot. Now I guess I'm just waiting for the judges to come back to the main room. And I think according to my time they still have five more minutes and after that I'm going to invite them to join us in the room. So I guess to fill this gap and to wait for Kelan do you see the you know the response coming for the people's choice? >> Yes. Yes. People are responding. It's in progress. >> , yes, it's in progress. It's stopped now. So perhaps everybody has voted. >> Okay. , >> unless they can get somebody else to vote. >> Yeah, I guess I Let's announce that after the judges announcement. Please just watch the responses. So I guess we are going to announce soon. That is the message. So if you have your friends or family that they enjoy your video, you're welcome to share that link with them and we are going to monitor the responses to announce the people's choice for the start talking 2022. I guess with this time meanwhile we are waiting for the judges to arrive into the main room and for us to be able to announce the start talking 2022 the judges choice. I would like to invite you to reflect on the other this kind of activities. So for the competitors you have chance to claim your you know the amount of the hours that you spent to create this 4minut video and that is going to be shared with Fiona who is the coordinator of the emerging leaders program. So please be in contact with us and I'm going to work with Kelen and Irene. I would like to appreciate your collaboration on this event. This is the I think we started since 2019 and that's our plan to continue with this competition and we go ahead and hopefully one day we can invite this is a competition that can be run globally. They can invite you know passionate science communicators around the globe to share their concerns based on their u destination that they are living and we have another competition on 3rd of November that is the STEM infographic so if you create four minute video that is going to be the entry to the STEM infographic but you need to collect the data related to your topic and the challenge, the science challenge and you need to record your infographic which is a visualization of the data and that again forming in the format of the four minute and then that could be a team entry or an individual entry. So we have a prize of 400 bucks for 4 minute video similar to this. So you're welcome to communicate with us and we hope you improve your skills during this you know practices and come to know about each other and come to know about you know the judges and our industry partner. So that could help you in future. I guess I have a one minute window open in front of me for the judges to return to the main room and I'm appreciate for your valuable time. We are almost there and of course I want to make sure that everyone is ready when the judges are and castlan are going to announce the winner. I am going to ask you to turn on your video for the screenshot of your a photo with a photo of us. So please make sure in few minutes you're ready to turn on your video. If you have any question or concerns meanwhile we are waiting for another 40 seconds I'm here to answer. Irene are you here? >> Yes. Yes. >> recently you have a visit. Did you come go back to Malaysia? >> a Australia. Well, you are still in Australia. >> Oh, no, no, no. Okay. Now, now, now in Malaysia, it was just one week. Yes. >> Okay. That was just one week. Nice. >> Yeah. >> Great. All right. So, I'm hoping by this time the judges coming back in 55 seconds. So, here we go. We have all the judges joining us. Very exciting time. So, we had a fun activity cohoot based on the video. Kelan is monitoring the people's choice and now we have a judges who is going to make that announcement. >> I will although I feel like I just got nervous all of a sudden. , so yeah, we wanted to we were just commenting that we thought the quality of all the presentations were really great and we appreciated all the different topics that were explored. So it was great to see everybody's passion, you know, across such a good spectrum of really interesting ideas. So we'll start by saying that there was a tie for second place. So, we'll start with announcing who tied for second place. So, in second place, we had the taste of plastic and shipping hydrogen to your home. So, congratulations. You guys, those were two fantastic talks. Very, very good. Very interesting. And our first place talk was Stephanie. Congratulations. Tilapia fishk skin band-aid we found just very interesting and the quality of the presentation was really good. So great work. >> Thank you so much. That bring us to this amazing moment where all of you are the winner. I wish if I had enough research funding to support you all but I guess this is not about we just find each other and we find that we are passionate about science communication. This is the start maybe if you didn't work with this kind of video. This is just the beginning and we have our amazing Adobe coaches. You can improve your skills and coming and share this kind of inspiring video representing what is happening in Australia and to the world. And I would like to thank you so much all the judges for your valuable time. Keslan, could you please give us the announcement for the people's choice? >> All right. For the winners of the people's choice. I have coming in at second place. So we'll announce the same thing. So we have two from the second place we have the all right just to make sure. All right. The under representation of women in leadership position within STEM fields. And for the first place in the people's choice award, we have shipping hydrogen to your home. >> Wow. Congratulation to Stephanie and congratulation to me and congratulation to everyone. Now to record this moment of happiness and this great outcome and achievement. I really would like to invite you all to turn on your video. I promise I'm going to just have you record your smile and I give you 10 seconds which I count down from 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 one and a half. Come on. Turn on your video if you can. So I'm going to if you can please smile this moment. One, two, three. So wait a minute. I just want to see if that is working because that's very important moment to capture. So I should open this word. Okay. Yes. Oh good. Thank you so much all the judges, all the collaborators and everyone in the room. Thank you so much. You did a great job. See you next year in another start talking competition. >> Take care. >> Great work everyone. >> Thank you. >> Thank you Katherine Irene Virginia everyone. Congratulations beta. Bye. >> Thank you. Bye. I'm going to share the videos with you.