# VIDEO: Science Spectra: Unveiling STEM Wonders for All | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-11-09

Good morning everyone and welcome to the sciences spectra. So we are hoping this events to help us to improve our public speakings and of course sharing our knowledge with the community. So before we start I would like to go with the acknowledgement of the country. On behalf of those present, I acknowledge the traditional owner of the land on which we meet we now meet and I pay my respects to the elders past, present and emerging. I also pay my respect to all indigenous and terious straits Icelanders people for from Australia and in case if this recording is going to be watched in Malaysia. So we would like to respect to the traditional owners of the land from both of these countries and hope that our vision for continuing this reconciliation to be shared and embraced. So today we are going to come with an idea of science spectra. We are hoping that we again share our STEM wonders and this is something that we would like to come share with the community. So this is the order of the event. So I would invite Alan professor Alan Duffy to go through the keynote shortly the power of science communication and that comes with the master class and then following up on inspiring climate change action through citizen sci science and then that bring us to the break but during the break we are going to have fun with the catering around and the networking and working on the presentation. So in the master class we are hoping that instruction of step by step going through the public speaking with a subject that we are going to share with the topic that we are going to share it helps you to work as a team hopefully and coming with your a 4m minute presentation and then that is about how you are going to share your idea with targeted audience of high school students and I explain why but yes so the best presentation is going to be awarded and we are going to have Dr. Rit joining us from the school of science. And then we are going to have a price and certificate and then coming with a closing the event with a feedback and hopefully we are going to have a nominators from this event to visit the high school and then we can bring this practice to the high school and share the you know the I guess our knowledge and you know talk about our inspiring topics. To the high school students. So with that I guess this is just shortly who we are and what's our vision. So three of us from Malaysia and Australia working together. We are running a program which is shaping STEM futures. Again our u aim is to empower our students to act as a science communicator. We believe that people's knowledge is a powerful source and we want to make sure that our students are going to act beyond their discipline. This is kind of a multidisiplinary invitation to unpack a challenge and we have a lot of these kind of global challenges how to work together to make the world a better place to live. That's our vision. So with this I would like to invite professor Alan Duffy with the keynote the power of science communication. Thank you so much Alan. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you so much Peter and thank you all for this opportunity. , I'm going to give a it's a fairly self-indulgent talk because essentially I've devoted many now years of my life to science communication and I'm going to go with the argument that it really matters that I have actually not wasted my life doing that in any way. , and I would encourage you all to this as well. So, , considering who's in front of me, I suspect it's self-evident that we think science communication matters, but Why should we reach out? And I we have obvious challenges in our world where let's take climate change as the primary example where there is an existential challenge that will require more science and technology not less to address. The challenge is not the invention of the technology however it is its adoption. We know how to combat climate change. We just aren't doing it fast enough. In democracies, the way that this happens is our elected officials have long-term horizons, several years. Let's optimistically, let's have them thinking a decade out. And knowing what's coming, they invest today for that future. The challenge is they have to be driven to that leadership role knowing the community will support them. I. E. That they will be elected based on roles that include taking stances to mitigate climate change. That requires an electorate that is at least aware of the challenges, aware of that science and technology. So being science and technology literate is what matters as a democracy. We need the people who vote to be aware of this stuff. We're asking them to take informed decisions through the election on these incredibly challenging topics. So one of the primary roles for a science communicator is to try to help the public to understand these issues. Climate change has a particularly pernicious challenge because it's multi-deal. It's it's a distributed responsibility. Everyone kind of has contributed to the problem. There's no one easy solution. It is perhaps the most wicked of all these wicked problems. But at least we have through decades of science communication efforts begun I think to change the narrative. And now it's actually seen in a positive investment sense that we roll out technology for example PV or other energy generation sources. Another topic which I find fascinating is that of AI both in how badly it's explained what is actually AI and you know pattern recognition and you know light touch prediction and not this artificial general intelligence that's Skynet. But at the same time how we've been able to see the hype curve of a new technology almost within it felt it feels like a calendar year. We've seen something that's usually a decade long process squashed into 12 months. You know we've had the incredible hype. We've had the realization that maybe it's not that fantastic and now we're going back up in recognizing there is great value to be had. Hopefully of course that a value that will be shared equitably across society because it will cause displacement in roles certainly but we saw how quickly the excitement of AI turned to fear of AI and how quickly we started to see knee-jerk legislation and response from government not just Australia's but globally. This is a prime example of where the science communicators were required where we didn't need to have people necessarily the coders themselves going out and explaining this but really just can honestly I would have been happy to see more social scientists speak about this how do jobs actually quote unquote disappear or get taken by AI in practice that's not really what happens of course there's there's a change or transition over time of the role itself and AI helps lift productivity or at least of course that's the hope and then finally one of the more challenging issues is perhaps one of our oldest needs and that of course is housing. We have a housing crisis at the moment in this nation but globally an affordability challenge and this speaks to just how broad science and technology is as a discipline. It's not just the shiny photovoltaic solar cells, you know, on the on the roof. It's not just the latest in AI. It is the very much policydriven, evidence-based, policydriven approach to resolving challenges that can take decades or generations to resolve and housing is a prime example. So, social scientists should be at the for explaining why we're in such a dire straits with our housing situation and how can we address it. Again, we actually know how to, it's just not being communicated that well. So, science communication, I think, is evidence communication or what does best policy communication look like, right? So, it doesn't have to be flash and shiny because it's science. It's evidence-based decision-m communication. But that's just a mouthful. So, we'll say psychonom, right? But that's really what I mean when I say psychonom. And I think all of these challenges need to be addressed and they are addressed through evidence-based decision-making and that has to be communicated and that is hard because it's a mouthful and it's sometimes asking a person or public to sacrifice in the short term for the longer good and they will people will historically we do make difficult decisions as societies but it takes leadership and communication of those needs to do that. No one sacrifices for no reason but people will sacrifice for the greater good. You just have to explain that. Now despite as I mentioned all the needs for a scientifically informed electorate that is not what we are graduating year on year so we sort of flatlined in the teens. It's just continued going down in the 20s and it crashed from about 60% in the 80s9s. So this graph I just don't I cut this graph off because it's just so depressing your 12 STEM participation rate crash. This is a this is an incredibly complex reason why. But the challenge certainly is that we have a minority of our population that are STEM informed even to a year 12 level. Right? That's that's the baseline takeaway. So when you go and speak to the public, the chances are you're speaking to someone who has not had a year 12 science and in any sense experience. And that means that it behooves us as the scientists and experts to go to them both in a physical sense in a in a in a presentation sense, but also in the explanation of it. It doesn't mean they're not interested in STEM. It does mean that you have to work a little harder to explain what matters in terms of the discovery. Now, while we have a I guess a target in mind or hope sorry an outcome in mind in terms of trying to communicate the underlying policy solutions or even just the reality of where the challenge arose for those three examples I gave. We interact however with a very challenging ecosystem and that is where the power and the knowledge of these situations greatly differ. So if the knowledge is along the x-axis for any given topic from low on the left to high to on the right and the power so the decision-making authority to actually do something about that is vertical and again low to high we can put ourselves comfortably I think as informed but near powerless individuals. Okay, so hopefully some of you that ego hit isn't going to be too brutal this early morning. The politicians diametrically opposed. They have all the power. Not really, but they have a lot of power. Certainly have a lot of responsibility to take action and address these challenges. But sadly, and certainly in the Australian Parliament, there's an astonishingly low percentage, much actually lower than the national average, have science backgrounds. If you think about companies, boards are ultimately the decision-making authority. It is a delegation of authority to the executives and others to enact on their behalf the best actions of that company, but they are the ones who look out on decal time scales and consider these challenges. They have a lot of power, but again, typically they're not scientists. And in fact I was very fortunate to speak at the Australia Institute company directors on this exact topic. And there are one of the most significant challenges that boards are facing is the fact that there's no one with science background on those boards and yet they're grappling with concepts like climate change AI and not that you need the computer scientist to be on the board but you need someone who understands what a model is but even that concept is not clear by the way and then perhaps sliding down this scale with less power but maybe a little bit more practical knowledge or sitting at the coldface a little more technical sophistication experience would be say the managers of these companies or perhaps figures within the department say of industry or others. So you can see how we get this sliding scale of people who can make the decisions to people who know what those decisions should be. And unfortunately that arrow is the direction that it goes right if in practice that's the cascading kind of level of interaction authority. The opportunity, however, is that where the public who seemingly with a relatively low knowledge base on a given scientific topic and seemingly with little or no direct power are the shortcut because they go straight to the politicians or rather politicians are listening to them. So as scientists, we can go straight to the politicians of the boards and I try. It's not always successful, but if there is a public campaign that gets attention. So, as scientists, by addressing the public, we can square that not circle, don't know what that was, triangle, something like that. I'm not a mathematician. All right. So, I hope I made the case that we should, but can it work? Well, happily, yes. And we have a pretty graphic example. Again, my apologies for this so early in the morning, but if we look through history, we see the tobacco industry, the way it was advertised is quite stark and really quite instructive, I think, for us to remember how things used to be, where we would have doctors being used to sell cigarettes and making really quite wild claims or implied claims about the health benefits of them. Of course, even at the time when they knew that it wasn't even ultimately using babies to sell cigarettes, which is never something I've understood how that made sense, but anyways, apparently that baby likes to smoke. So clearly inappropriate advertising by modern standards today. But how did this change? Well, it wasn't because the tobacco industry became more conscious of its impact society and more responsible in terms of its advertising. Of course, it was decades of public campaigning, scientists communicating with the members of the public who would rally and create pressure on politicians and the boards to address. Now, particularly noticeable, of course, in Australia with our packaging laws and I'll I'll skip this now because it's obviously a bit unpleasant to see, but that has been an incredibly successful campaign. We have seen the numbers drop and we know it works because tobacco spends so much money trying to get those laws changed. Right? That tells you it's working. But the need to communicate never ends because now they found a new way of course to make tobacco sales and this is through vaping. And we are seeing this yearon-year growth and there seems to be no end to it. The science took a little time to catch up. I think everyone figured it's probably not a great idea. There was some vague just enough vaguess around the science to maybe it was not as bad as tobacco. That was the in that gave a couple of years head start for tobacco to push and now they've got a addicted base and they're off to the races again. It's just a repeat of the big tobacco wars. I think because no one has any trust at all in big tobacco. Ever this one will be addressed if not eliminated from society will move more quickly in a legislative sense and in fact are already doing this in Australia but again just because you've communicated once doesn't mean your job is done this is a battle that is ever never ending you have a new generation to inform to inspire you of course have new challenges to address maybe though on a personal level why should you right this is this is a difficult endeavor. I'm not asking anyone watching to try to go out and you know have a fight with big tobacco, right? You can just go and give a talk to your local school about the cool efforts going on in your world. But on a personal level, well I did and it's in fact a decade ago. So I joined Swinburn. We tried this role as sort of a combined research fellow and science communicator. So I would do the science and then talk about it. That was my job. And the reason is because it's worth something to my university and to your organizations in turn by having a profile that is called a in a marketing sense a dollar value return that they would otherwise have to pay to get that kind of profile raising. So there is actually a dollar you can assign to your appearances or activities and it's great because if you have a dollar that you can attribute to your efforts that is a justification for funding of roles or at least your time investing your time by the organization in these activity. The comm's team on a just a personal level are just love to have people who are well experienced and practiced in media communication. They just want to give those opportunities to you. So reach out to your comm's team, get their training, get on their radar. They just have a little list of people that they work through when an opportunity arises. There is no shortage of opportunities. There is a shortage of people willing to take a call at 6:00 a. M. To make morning TV. So make sure you have your phone on. And there's also value to your career. And I want to emphasize that it's comes at a cost. You will publish less if you are doing science communication in the sense of you have limited hours in a day. That's going to inevitably cause you to spend some of it writing a press release or an explainer rather than a research paper. So you have to have a balance. But for personal level when I got to start doing things like the project and this is Freddy Finto which was a cool moment just as a someone coming from the UK like that was a very weird experience being on camera with him. He's a cricketer if anyone knows or whatever. , so having this profile was of value to me because it allowed me to add value to research collaborations. So for a period I was maybe publishing a little less but I was getting opportunities to join much bigger collaboration much more exciting research projects and in fact ended up boosting my career. , it's also just incredible because I got to meet people like Aldren. Just had these moments in my life of deeply fulfilling and in fact some of the proudest things I've ever done are associated with science communication you know yes the papers continue but it didn't matter that I was publishing a little less because I was doing so much more like for me that's what my career has been about is both doing the research but also talking about it I hope for you all here that would be an exciting opportunity as well but make no bones about You have to have find that balance. Yeah, and I get to hang out with like Brian Cox and stuff which is just I have to remove this slide. This is too ridiculous. Just a showboating. All right, good. All right, so you all want to meet Brian Cox, too, right? So, how do you do that? Or your equivalent this next generation. So, let's go through just a couple of highlights or tips. And these are my golden rules. And you're going to have a more intensive program of education later today. The first and most important golden rule is that of jargon and that is don't. If you can avoid it, don't do it. Jargon puts a barrier between you and your audience. They don't know that jargon. That's a thing that you in your discipline area have created to expedite explanations. It's great. It's wonderful. You should use it in your actual career, but don't use it in public because no one understands it and that makes them feel dumb, right? And that's the last thing you wanted. You were trying to explain something to them and now you've got them offside. So sometimes, however, there are act what I will phrase unavoidable jargon and that particularly sits around units or scales, right? And in science and engineering technology, we really struggle with a lot of those concepts. As an astronomer, mine is that of a lightyear. It is the bane of my life. So, we have as an example the one of the closest or not quite the closest, but it was one of the closest stars, Alpha Centauri, 4. 3 light years to Alpha Centuri. That is the distance that light travels in a year. We are seeing that star as it was 4. 3 light years ago when the light left it. That's okay. I mean, I think we kind of feel like that's probably far, but no one really gets it. , if what I'm trying to explain in mentioning Alpha Centauri is its distance from us. Well, if it's close by astronomical standards, I'll say 4. 3 lighty years because that sounds close. If what I want to emphasize is how far away that is because we want to send a rocket there, I'll say 400 trillion km, right? That's clearly a greater distance. The best however is to use analogy and right now we have the Voyager spacecraft. They have been traveling for you know 50 plus years now. They have left the solar system. They are the fastest furthest objects we have ever generated as a space fairing civilization. And if the distance from the Earth to Alpha Centauri were the size of well continental USA or Australia, then they are one mile on that journey, right? Fastest thing we've ever built. They've left the solar system. They're inconceivably far away. One mile on a journey across Australia. That's nowhere. So I think giving a sense of scale allows sorry by analogy allows people to use their personal reference frames to understand that crazy distance that space is. On a flip side and this is I was very privileged to give a talk to the Australian Institute of Occupational Hygienist. These are the people who come in and try to fix or sorry and set standards and measure you know air quality or you know noise levels in factories and the like. So they're constantly explaining these quite complex measurements to a diverse array of audiences. And one of their units is that of a micron. And in particular, they worry about very thin structures that can well have significant health challenges. So these synthetic mineral fibers are a great concern and inhaling them can cause tremendous issues in your lungs. For example. So they have a definition that sets this at something below 15 microns. What does that mean? Well, in explaining it, you could say a hundth of a millimeter. That's not bad actually. That kind of gets you a sense of my gosh, how thin is this? But of course, even better by analogy is less than a human hair width. You have connected to the audience. Everyone knows what a hair width is, as in they think like they couldn't tell you what the number is, but they know intuitively what that is. And this fine structure is clear. You have spent less time explaining the units and more the science in using that analogy. So continuing to emphasize the analogy, there was a comet intercept mission which was some astonishing feat of interplanetary navigation. Essentially, the Rosetta spacecraft launched by the European Space Agency traveled my goodness, what's the number now? Can I even remember it? Oh, call it 10 billion kilometers hitting a target no bigger than essentially a few hundred meters with astonishing precision would have meant nothing. Quite frankly, if I got on TV and said that, absolutely eyes would have glazed over. Seems like a big number. I don't get the relevance otherwise. So I've I put a distance barrier between myself and the owners. The analogy look in terms of the distance it traveled to the target it was able to hit is a akin to throwing a dart in Sydney and hitting a dart board in Perth in the bullseo. That's a very impressive scientific mission. So the analogy was the opportunity to make that connection to everyone's personal reference frames. Again for this occupational hygiene institute a AIO I offered a suggestion. They have a challenge this crystal and silica. This is the one of one of the things that can lead to lung cancers and the like and you really have to be monitoring. You have to try to try to ensure that there's not a hazardous level. But it's astonishingly tiny amounts, right? So 0. 05 milligs per cubic meter of air measured over eight hours, right? That's just an such an astonishingly small trace amount, but it's quite challenging to explain that to a board. Right? So now thinking about you're going in and you as this you're trying to improve the medical or the health of the workforce, you're trying to convince a board that this is a very difficult measurement to make and you need to invest in more equipment to do it. You can say that to them, but I don't think that's going to register particularly meaningfully to them. Much better is instead to look at the volume of the surroundings. So in this auditorium or a large boardroom, that's your volume. You times that by this mass and it works out to be roughly speaking a grain of salt somewhere in this room. That's or in this boardroom set that's a very small thing to try to find in a very large room. So they're giving a sense of something a bit more impactful to an audience and by using almost indeed challenging the board in that instance to try to search for that kind of you know that grain of salt in that large boardroom. You're giving them a very visceral physical feeling or sense of the challenge and why you need that new fancy equipment to do the measurement. Continuing on the golden rules is be positive. So we know from various case studies that these processes of alarm raising alarm clearing calls cause actions all of that doesn't actually work. Right? It's sad to say this is part of the reason why climate change is so dramatically has so dramatically worsened in time because it's taken us decades to recognize that these warnings were not doing anything. It essentially creates a pacivity in the audience and it doesn't inspire them to go and to be to take action to avoid the bad but rather be positive. Right? So try to reframe the opportunity to decarbonize, right? The jobs that will be created in these new industries or the ability to be more productive and create new kinds of green steel high value products. You know, these are all the ways you can say getting the carbon out of the heavy industry sector. So be positive about the messaging and we know particularly where you connect to people's inherent sense of pride about themselves, their community, their country, they will be more likely to act on that messaging. And always be future optimistic. So in other words, you are leading them to a better tomorrow through the actions today. Don't say if you don't do this today, tomorrow is going to be bad. I mean, it's the same thing, but it's a very different outcome in terms of the response of the audience. Wrapping up these golden rules is that of storytelling, and I know you're going to hear a lot more about that soon. So, let me just share my story and how important it is in terms of communication. When I was speaking at schools across in Western Australia in Narajin a young girl maybe it was a year six class asked me if the sun is so hot why is space so cold which is a really good question. I got very excited in the moment. I was like oh my god what a great question. She basically had reformulated Ober's paradox which was a 17th century Austrian philosopher. I think I got the date right on Ober. Apologies to Ober if I misplaced your time in history. What's really quite brilliant about this question and as I mentioned over had it had formulated first. If the universe was infinitely old as thought at the time and extended forever that everywhere you looked in the sky sooner or later your eye will land on a star the surface of a star. If everywhere you look and you see a star and even as you go more distant you still see other they begin to fill in essentially every bit of the sky will be blinding bright as bright as the sun. Clearly that's not the case because we have nighttime. If it's as bright as that it would be as hot as the surface of the sun in other words as well. So you would actually have the answer to that young girl's question is the same as Alber's resolution of Albert's paradox which is you don't continue to look out and see ever more stars. Eventually you run out of stars. Eventually you're looking back so far in time to a time when there were not stars formed. In other words, the universe is not eternal or at least not as it exists or looks like today. The universe had a beginning. Quite revolutionary in all time. The fact that a grade six student was able to answer to understand that through her questioning was quite brilliant too because to put it back in the temperature, if you have a radiator on in a room and you close the door and you let it sit on for long enough, the air will continue to warm up until essentially gets to the same temperature as the radiator. The reason space is so cold while the sun is so hot is because essentially there hasn't been enough time of heating. In other words, we don't we have only had a few billions of years of stars shining to heat up space. Just as realized there was a period in the time of our universe where there were no stars, we ran out of stars to look at. Just so to we ran out of stars to heat up the universe. Now, I don't know how much of that story you're going to remember, but I suspect you're going to remember more about the fact that there's a time before our current era of star formation, that there was a time indeed and perhaps the beginning of the universe. , you're going to remember a lot more about that than almost anything else I've shared. Perhaps a lot of the quotes and numbers, you're not going to remember any of these numbers, but I guarantee you're going to remember something about a young girl asking about why the space is so cold even though the sun is so hot. And that essentially has something to do with the beginning of the universe. So use stories, they connect you to your audience. That's how we learn is through storytelling. The indigenous people have been practicing this for tens of thousands of years. Politicians, the best politicians, you'll see them use storytelling. They will always talk about a person's experience rather than a policy impact. That's just how we as people connect. All right. Finally, the rule of three just for whatever reason just in that's just how people enjoy hearing things is examples of three a concise, compelling, coherent narrative, right? I don't know three C's. There's an alliteration thrown into that. Examples of three or use of three commas just is the way that you explain always use it. I'm going to wrap up because we are running out of time but as you go out and begin to communicate always keep in mind who your audience is. Who are you trying to reach? Is it the scientists? Are you explaining it to the journalists? Are you reaching out to general public or are you approaching companies, organizations? And then be very clear about who you're speaking to. Is it management or is it the board? They have very different roles and responsibilities and hence will hear different things or rather want to hear different things in your explanation and so too also with politicians and policy makers. So this is about knowing who you're addressing in terms of how you frame it, the level you pitch it at but also what you're highlighting. Scientists are going to have a very different interest and structure of delivery of that explanation than say the general public who you always have to lead with the what's happened rather than scientists where you can do a structured introduction methods, show them the results and then in the discussion get to why it mattered. You flip that when it's the public. I'm going to encourage everyone as young professionals you have a particular value for the general public and politicians as well in that you are photogenic. People like young people. Politicians like to be beside young people. I don't if you notice this, how many selfies they do. You can get audiences with these people in a way that old farts like me can't anymore. Make use of that power that you have to be a enthusiastic and passionate and informed There we go. The rule of three professional in your field and politicians will give you the time of day. It's astonishing. You can reach out to them especially in Australia they will meet you if only just to get a selfie with you. Knowing your audience is also key just roughly speaking if it is a younger or older demographic is an informed i. E. No scientific background or they're noble laureates. You know, where are they in terms of this diagram as just one way to understand an audience? , and we can then as a result pitch in different ways the explanation, the format, even the visual extent. The fact that they're nerds who are younger means they probably will get references like Futurama, although I don't know. I think that's aging out as an as an example now. Just being very clear about the audience is also how you will structure your delivery. The energy you bring to it, the examples, the analogies that I've emphasized, it matters that you're pitching that at the right level for your audience. And then finally, your medium matters as well. So be it traditional media of print in TV or radio, if it's TV that you want to be pitching on, you have to have strong visuals. You will not get on air without something that's attractive like that. If it's a live presentation, be aware of your audience and where you sit in the room. Do you have to walk across and occupy the stage? Do you make sure that you're talking to everyone and sweeping the audience and making them feel connected? All of these things matter. These are tactical things, but they really strongly matter. And of course, social media is its own beast, and I am not the expert on that. I even lost my login details to X. I've just lost like 20,000 followers. , yes, there are experts and I encourage you to learn from the best. Being able to craft your narrative, targeting your audience, and then understanding what the constraints of the medium are and shaping that messaging are key. And I'll end on this final point that we really do need you. This is not something that any one person, no matter their profile, can do. The fact that we have a rich diversity of people wanting to communicate science to solve these challenges of our time through evidence-based decision-making that gives me optimism and strength in the work that I do because I can see so many others joining that enduring not battle but opportunity to better explain how we can make a better tomorrow together today. Thank you so much. So it's always coming with this inspiring informative you know presentation and it's encourage us to reflect on who we are what we would like to do for ourselves for our community. So it's kind of that message was about how to balance between the activities that we are doing because we all are ambitious with what we would like to do professionally in our career but yeah so how we come with kind of a balancing to make a meaningful life I think that's the a very important point thank you so much Alan so now we would like to come with the next guest speakers Elsa to take us to the master class of public speaking. Thank you so much Alisa. I just let you to introduce yourself and then we go ahead. By the way, we have this I don't know that if you want to walk around. So, this is kind of you. >> Thank you. Oh, wonderful. I was going to ask if that's okay to walk around for the >> Yeah. Now, go for it. >> Cool. >> Do we have a clicker as well? That would be Wait, what's this? >> Okay, we have it. Well, looking for the T. , hello everyone. Really happy to be here. My name is Elsa Lamant and you've just heard from obviously a fantastic speaker who is a scientist who is an expert in a field of science. I have been communicating about a scientific topic about the need to tackle the climate crisis for the last eight years and I am not a scientist. So, I wish that I'd been able to learn some of the needs. Thank you. About what to do from somebody who was such a fantastic communicator as Alan. But I had to learn in different ways. But I think what I find and I hope you will find interesting is that perhaps my experience might be of relevance to you because I come from a non-scientific background. I think I probably represent quite a lot of your potential audiences as you go out and speak to potential science interested audiences. So today what we're going to talk about is a number of very practical tips for how to perfect how to improve your public speaking skills and strategies. And I use the word perfect there. And you may never perfect them. I don't think I've perfected them yet, but you will get better and it is something that does get better with practice. We're going to look at climate change specifically as a case study. We're going to set the parameters for the talk that you are going to give later this afternoon and we're going to run through a whole heap of very specific tips. And in fact some of them do resonate very closely with some of the highlights that Alan mentioned in his talk there. Because we have a small group here, I'd really like to get a better sense of you all. So can we just double check who here are students? Okay, so we've got four students. Excellent. How many of you actually are science or STEM students? Okay. Engineering. >> Yeah. Okay. Everyone say okay again. So how many of you expect to actually do a lot of public speaking in your future careers? >> Okay. Yeah. Which makes sense. Otherwise why would you be here? So, apart from the great lunch and the prizes, but so let's I was going to do a slide to kind of gauge the audience, but since we're small, we'll just keep it informal. So, how many of you have already done public speaking? Half and half. How did you find it? >> I enjoyed it. >> I think how about yourself? Started getting taught how to speak and find groups of people in red for a minute. >> So it was just taught throughout my whole school journey and it's just kept developing over time I guess. >> Wonderful. So you both pretty comfortable. >> Exactly. >> Great. Fantastic. And how about yourself? So you haven't he said so is that because is that a choice or just the opportunity hasn't come up? I think it's too many like since like I've been doing like computer science I think I will not have this >> do public speaking well today's how about yourself >> I think yeah the opportunity is yeah but I expect to do more in future I think this is something that it comes with our nature as a science you know who study science. We really kind of and I often see how our students they ask me like if we can replace some other activities than public speaking. We train to work in the lab focus on what we are doing coming with that type of the attitude kind of problem solving but not really talk about it >> and what we train during our learning journey at university is more kind of conversation peer-to-peer in the same field. So it's kind of we don't have that type of opportunity to you know to communicate >> with the a broader community. Yeah, >> that's the challenge. >> Once that's good context and I mean I think you know obviously that's fantastic. You two are practiced already and quite confident. I was somebody who wasn't brought up doing any public speaking. The first time I had to do it I was in my early 30s. So about 20 years ago, I was very nervous. So nervous. And I had a tiny audience. I think I had three people to talk to. And I was shaking. I was so nervous. And you know there's a whole range of emotions that people can feel. But there's also I don't know it depends where you grow up as well. Who has the voice? Who do you expect to be talking? Who deserves to be listened to? And I think sometimes that's part of it as well is claiming that space and going, you know what, I do have something to say here. I do have some a valid viewpoint and being able to learn to be more confident in that. We'll talk a little bit about that. Alan said earlier about the importance of storytelling and that's something that I'm going to emphasize a lot as well. That's how we remember things. It's how our brains work. It's why politicians do put so much effort into creating stories about any policy, why journalists create stories that pick on individual examples to try and illustrate a story or a point and it's powerful. So I changed my life completely around. I was the pro- vice chancellor of a university and eight years ago I heard a colleague talk about climate impact of international education of the work that we were doing that I was so proud of because I love the benefits that come with internationalization of education but I hadn't thought about the climate impact of all of the ways that we work the aviation emissions the thoughtlessness of the way we kind of structured student recruitment events or transnational education operations and basically I decided at that point because of hearing somebody communicate about science that I wanted to do something about it. So, you know, these stories can absolutely change people and you as STEM students really have got an incredible amount of potential influence that you can that you can use. So, we won't do the slide though. We've talked about that. , what but what would you like to get out of today? What are you hoping to come away with after today? How about yourself? >> What do you mean >> when you leave here today? >> What do you hope to have learned or experience? >> I think I didn't talk about the importance of public speaking before. I was talking about something that had a priority than speaking like engaging with the character that after that I really realized that public speaking is the most important thing especially in increasing our confidence and increasing our connections and the better in the field and reaching out what we want to what our plan. So what is the problem that we would like to reach? >> Yeah. >> And our future career and our future anything we want to do >> anyone else what do you hope to get out of today? I'll be probably like able to speak out your thoughts in your innovation because I want to learn how to present that when I'm doing a presentation as well as like leadership. So >> and that's it. I think being a strong communistator about something as important as science is about being a leader. Any other comments? Science, science communication specifically is something that I've kind of recently found an interest in, but I've also have a lot of background in like advocacy work and all of that. And I find I the overlap between those and how you can actually present information in a way that makes people want to change is something that I always interested in growing my knowledge around. >> And is your advocacy work related in any way to science or is it >> not really. So I do a lot of in like accessibility and disability support as well as in sustainability which you seem to have a cool background in. So yeah, thank you. Anything else? I >> mean, I guess I'm particularly interested in the soul space because recent times would certainly show, especially with the advent of social media, that you don't necessarily need to actually know what you're talking about. You need to be able to reach massive groups of people. And so I think if I'm able to better harness you know the ability to communicate strong knowledge points out to the community that can be extremely valuable what Alan's done and what you've done and what is doing with this study. That's that's what's needed more in the world now, I think, more than ever because there's a lot of people going around with a lot of strong opinions, but very little actual factual evidence to back that up. So, if there's some more of us who can come in and provide some more context, but still be able to communicate that strongly and effectively, that could help improve the world for better. >> Yeah, absolutely. And I think you know we've got such clear recent examples of where things like that have gone on like during the pandemic where there was misinformation about vaccines and AI obviously is another threshold you know where we're it's going to be so important that people do understand sorry please can I comment going back to what Duffy was talking about empowering ing young people. So in terms of communicating to younger audiences is something because I come from a teacher education background. So I teach teachers, I work with teachers, I research with teachers and schools and principles and one of the things is how we as a community of STEM from as saying multiddisiplinary can empower young students, young children for example going back to the example of co washing hands. How many posters came out and children were just asked to follow step number one, step two, step three unknowingly. So again, how we meaningfully empower through public speaking young children, young students because they are the ones who are going to make the world a better place to live in. So it's something yeah could be considered as >> empowering young children through public speaking. >> Absolutely. And I think I mean when I think about public speaking I mean this is obviously public speaking you know go anytime you're hearing a lecture or a keynote or you hear a politician in parliament or standing in a debate but I think of public speaking as being something much wider. It's about how you communicate with any group of people while speaking. So you know that could be you're in a team meeting with your colleagues. If you're the manager of a team, how you relate to other people, how you're reporting to your board. , all of these things are actually you can apply these same strategies to any of these forms of communication because what it's about is effectively you have an opportunity to impart knowledge to engage or entertain or educate somebody. And the more effectively you can do that, the better you can structure it, the more engaging you can make it, the more you can show somebody why it's important to them. , the better your careers will go, the more effective you can be in whatever your chosen endeavor is. So I think, you know, mastering these strategies is actually crucial to just about any endeavor, not just standing up and giving a public talk. , okay. So, key lesson number one and it's not about you, it's about your audience. And the previous speaker mentioned that as well, you have to respect your audience. You have to try and kind of think your way into their heads as much as you can beforehand and think about where are they coming from? What might they know? What might they not know? You can, you know, sometimes you can't make assumptions. You have to make assumptions. You know, if there this was an auditorium with 400 people in it or if it was an online webinar, I couldn't necessarily be asking questions about where people are at. But as much as you can trying to find out about your audience in advance and get a sense of kind of where they are and who they are. The other thing that's really important and you know if you are someone who is afflicted by nerves or you know butterflies in the stomach before public speaking is to remember that most audiences are very forgiving. They really they're not thinking about you the speaker. They're not wondering you know is she nervous? Is he nervous? They're thinking about what you're they're trying to adapt, you know, adopt that and think about it themselves. So, so remember, sure, it's about you beforehand and your preparation and your practice, but when you're actually up here speaking, it's about the audience and what they're going to do with the information you give. A lot of people do get nervous about it. So it's called communication with apprehension. It's also known colloially as stage fright. I used to be my first career was as a an interpreter. And I used to get quite nervous beforehand because I might stand in there. Oh my god. Or if I was doing simultaneous interpreting, how can I you know what happens if I get this wrong? What happens if I say the wrong thing? It's difficult obviously in a in a non-native language as well. My partner used to be an actor. He used to get nervous and get that stage fright, but that's normal too. And in fact, that can often drive a kind of better performance. So, the main thing is if you do get nervous, not to worry about it. It's absolutely normal. It's not some kind of disorder. Most people feel it and it doesn't actually kill you. You can live with it. , you just might not get the best sleep the night before. , and you know, , maybe you'll have an anxiety dream like I had last night that I was, it was 300 p. M. When I woke up. Oh my god, I should be at. So anyway, so just remember it's absolutely normal. The other point and again you know I think this is really critical is thinking and practicing thinking about your audience. So you know the point this slide is far too small. The point of it is not for you to actually look at the information there. The point is to show you the need for differentiation. So for example, in my day job now, I have I'm the CEO and co-founder of a startup that helps universities and other education providers around the world measure and benchmark their climate action policies and practices and we do carbon accounting for their international education programs. We started last year. I talk to governments, universities, colleges, sustainability teams, international teams, vice chancellors almost every day of my life. There are some of those now where I'm repeating the same information. I don't need to do a lot of preparation. I did at the start, but now I'm like, okay, I'm doing that. It's that kind of talk again. I might need just 10, 15 minutes beforehand to get ready. For something like this. Earlier this year, I did a webinar to an online audience around the world, few hundred people, very different kinds of people. I knew it would be a mixed audience. I knew some would be at the start of their day, some would be at the end of their day, some would be watching a recording later. I prepped that within an inch of my life. And that's just one of the kind of five pages of storyboards because I thought this is such an opportunity. I don't want to waste a second. I want to make every message count. I want to make it hit and I need to think about what are the ways in which I can demonstrate each of those points and importantly as well the sequencing. So this is something I think not a lot at the start when I was constructing talks I didn't spend a lot of effort on. Now I think about quite a lot and I shift things around until I was satisfied that this logical part follows that follows that and that you can build the understanding and you're not chucking in a piece of information where there's not yet fertile ground for it to for it to bloom. You see so I think understanding what kind of talk you're giving is it something you know if somebody asks you to give a talk about your experience of being a student you know that's something sure you would think about it but you probably don't need to go into forensic levels of preparation whereas if somebody asks you to distill down all the key scientific terms and concepts that you've learned over the last three years of your study. That is something that you would definitely need to be a little more. So, so this one who watched the Donald Trump camela Harris debate you tell us. We didn't get the chance. >> Okay. So, I'm a politics nerd. So, so I did. And what was fascinating was that Camela Harris is tiny. She's she's apparently if she becomes the president of the US, she will be the shortest ever president. She's 5'4, I think. And Donald Trump is well over six foot. And there had been some talk beforehand about you know how he might kind of tower over her on the debate stage and make him look really small and kind of unpresidential and it's it's worth good. She walks in. She just goes right up to him and she's like and he was kind of taken it back and just like shook her hand but wouldn't really look at her and he came away looking weak. So that's another thing to think about when you're giving your talk. Again, not in all talks do you want to claim high status, but you certainly don't want to claim low status. You know, if you're wanting people to listen to you, it doesn't help if you're like, you have to be you have to be there and be even if you don't feel confident, you have to project confidence because if you don't project confidence, the audience stops listening to what you're saying and they start kind of worrying for you. You know, if you've ever been to a comedy egg and the standup comedians there and you're like, "Oh, what are funny? " You know, you stop actually enjoying them and if and laughing, you start kind of worrying for them. I think it'll be okay. So, so yeah, think about your entrance. Think about how you project. , I can I just ask a question? I've asked everybody else already. Are you a STEM student? >> Yeah, I am. >> Great. And do you have much experience of public speaking? We've got about half and half of the other and well you will today because everyone's going to give a short talk after lunch on the importance of communicating about science. So but we'll get you we'll get you there. Pop room take this one. The left the other side. Yeah. Beautiful. Thank you. So you like I said project confidence. So I'm going to talk now about climate change as a case study. Obviously, it's not the only scientific topic, but it's the one that I know best. And as I think a previous speaker alluded to, it's such a wicked problem and it's one where it really does give lots of opportunities to come at it from different angles from you know there's there's obviously a multid-disciplinary approach. You can you have audiences where they might straight technical and scientific approach but essentially where we need to be thinking or where a lot of the action has to happen is actually around the psychology of change. It's about how do people receive information? How do they how can you actually present that information in a way that is palatable that doesn't cause people to turn off and that's really difficult with a topic is as confront as climate change can be and so we're going to look at it and I think this you know again Alan alluded to this I call it kind of disaster porn I've been to talks by people who are fantastic communicators But you come away feeling overwhelmed because all they show you is slide after slide of death and destruction and floods and heat waves and this is what's happening and you can't wait back on. It's like that's dreadful. And sure we you know you all know the science. You know what's happening. You know the average temperatures are warming. You know that the climate systems destabilizing and the effects that have can have. But it's so important to be able to present this in a positive way that gives people tangible actions so that they actually can go okay well here's the thing that I could do and it can be a small thing even if it's a thing that small action item that doesn't necessarily lead to a whole heap of impact. I always prefer to get somebody doing something, then they're more receptive psychologically to take up other actions later that could be more ambitious. Hopefully, you get them doing more ambitious things right from the start. But as long as they come away with a practical thing they're going to do, they do it usually that makes them feel good and then they're like right on that kind of positive cycle of okay, I can do something else. This is an example of what not to do with colleague who presented this. , and it's, you know, it's fabulous information. But as an example of what to put on a single slide, I'd say try and shy away from that. There's just far too much going on there. , that could be something that if you really want people to have that information, pull out the one or two key bits, send them this later, point them to it, but don't be trying to practice trying to condense everything into one slide. I think that's a mistake that I made earlier when I started learning enough about climate change to be able to communicate about it. I started trying to tell everybody and here's everything I've learned and it was too much. You know, that's that can be, you know, less can be more sometimes. So, thinking what do they need to know? Not so that you're withholding anything, but people only have so much attention span or so much kind of emotional and intellectual bandwidth each time. So again you heard about analogy the power of analogy earlier. This is another example of that when I talk to people about you know terms of carbon dioxide equivalent that doesn't mean anything to anybody to sorry not to anybody doesn't mean anything to a lot of people especially to people who are not scientifically trained. So I always try and make it relatable, try and give those kind of analogous examples. Can anyone spot here a way that I could have made this slide even more relatable? >> Exactly. Yeah, I did actually pull this out for a webinar to French students if I was going to swap it for one for Australia today and then I thought, oh no, I'll just stick that question in the back. , so yeah, if you can, you know, think again thinking about your audience, where is your audience coming from? What examples might they relate to? This is an example that comes from Al Gore, former US Vice President Al Gore. You probably heard of him. He was the one that kind of kicked off a lot of the public awareness about the climate crisis back several decades ago. And he started something called the climate reality cored their training years ago. That was one of the first things I did after I quit the uni job. , and he's an amazing communicator in some ways, although he does focus a bit more on the problem than on the solutions from my perspective. But one of the things that he talked about which, you know, he does always try and use that analogy where he can. So, for example, in this one, let's say that's the horizon there. , and he said, you know, the protective layer around the Earth is so fragile. It's so thin, if you were to get in a car and drive up highway speeds straight up, it would only take you five minutes to hit the top of the troposphere, the part of the atmosphere where the greenhouse gases are trapped. And that was that's great. 100 minutes strong because otherwise if I just talked about you know the distance or the width of the troposphere again for most people that's not going to resonate but you remember slowly who's who here has seen these climate stripes they it came out a few years back it was a professor at the University of Reading Professor Ed Hawkins developed them. , I personally think they're absolutely beautiful. You'll see them everywhere now that you we've talked about them. Basically, each of those stripes is it equates to one year. And so, the average temperature in that year relative to the average temperature in all the other years. And you can actually go on to the website, you can download images for you can localize it. So this is a Melbourne one. Obviously the red symbolizes butter temperatures, the blue symbolizes water temperatures. So it's such a great way in one in one slide in one image of just clearly showing how much has changed. And I suppose that's whether you're using images or if it's just in how you're speaking. That's what we're aiming for is to get that clarity, that kind of precision in how you're explaining a concept to somebody, which is why I love that one so much. But yeah, you can go in and look at, you know, global temperature change or wherever, maybe your home hometown or countries. This, I think, is my favorite example ever of science communication from 350. Org, which is a climate action advocacy organization. It's warming. It's us. We're sure it's bad. We can fix it. That's Yeah, it's it's that in itself is a master class in how to communicate a really serious struggle and it gives hope. Can anyone think of any other really good examples? Doesn't have to be about climate change, could be about anything else that you've seen. I >> think we had a visit in Malaysia just recently and we worked with we had a chance to visit one of the organization that they named the food laws. Their work under the food bank. >> Yeah. >> So I guess they had a very kind of a great visualization of their impact for collecting the food waste in fact before the food get wasted. So how they present their work is collecting the food and then distributing to the poor people. And I don't forget that presentation, that visualization of how first they helped the community >> with the amount of food that could be waste and could make a problem for the community. >> And I think their action to avoid going to that direction also to help the community by collecting. So they were all aligned with this 17 develop sustainable goals and I think this is the way that I was thinking. You know if every one of us consider this as a routine practice like how we do care about us about our you know our children our parents >> as an individual in the community how we think and reflect on our you know routine tasks so can have an impact on our society I think that's a huge impact in I think what we are hoping to achieve. So it's more powerful than any education. I think we need to bring it in to our houses. >> Yeah. >> With our routine activities. So that was my me inspiring by what they do >> and yeah I tried to capture that. And I think one was the second point was I had a student 20 years old. She said that I grew up with the technology and I dream to be an influencer. Now I know how I use of my power and digital and social media to inspire community with the climate change you know action and I think this type of you know work is very valuable. >> Fantastic. Any other examples? Yeah, I think you know so some of the other work I've done over the years I set up an organization called CAMI the climate action network for international educators and with that so that was kind of an advocacy and education organization and nonprofit and what we what we found there was and I found this in other areas of my work as well is that it's actually surprisingly easy to kind of switch people on if they haven't been thinking that way. It doesn't doesn't always take, you know, like, oh, here's a 10 week training course or whatever. It can take a few conversations. It can take half an hour. It can be a one-hour session where you if you actually sit down and show people the impact that a something like climate change is having and b the impact that they themselves can have. People absolutely love that. Like they people I think really enjoy having agency. They want to feel like they're doing something meaningful and purposeful with their lives. And if they can combine that with their professional work and their careers, it's, you know, it's kind of a win-win because, you know, still getting up and going to work and earning your living. But as I was talking to somebody recently who ran the work for climate academy every job is a climate job now. Everyone should be climate literate should sustainability literate should understand at least those core concepts and where they themselves can make some changes and also don't underestimate the power you have to influence everyone in your sphere. So it's not just when you're giving public talks, it's also when you're sitting in a cafe with your friends or talking to your families that you can have a really huge impact. >> I just want to raise this. I think Sarah is here in coming experts from educations and we are talking about how to educate our educators and how to educate our science students and I think those are the one who are going to build the future. So I guess we really need to revise our curriculum and bring something that our students just reflect on what you said like why we don't have any unit in a science degree that students can act as an act actor because you know to me what you just explained about public speaker is something outside the skills that we train or we study in science. So imagine if we had a class of authentic activity that our science students they actually practice to act. >> Yeah. >> You know that gives that confidence with the knowledge they have then they're confident to act as a public speaker. They are confident to you know bring that voice to you know share with the politicians who are making this policy. But we don't have that type of authentic activities. All we have for our sciences students computing science you know or biotechnology microbiology so space it's all about a important like a fundamental knowledge but we never practice that in our classes to communicate. So that might be something that we need to raise and we can brainstorm bringing different discipline. That's why I'm very keen in kind of a interdisciplinary approach where we bring our media queen option like students working with the science students or some of our students in arts like helping each other to just have a class of public speaking activity because to me I think you talk about the you know the current like the Donald Trump and that conversation. So I think that's kind of more of the action acting rather than the knowledge. So yes something that we need to work together with our students and I would like to hear the voice of our students. I mean I like to see okay if you did comfortable or like Olu you mentioned that you were comfortable. So what do you think that what are the skills beyond your discipline knowledge that you make you comfortable with a public speaking? >> I think like to get the confidence it really is about the practice. >> and I find cuz I run workshops and stuff as part of work and often it really is just about just connecting with the audience. You don't have to be you the confidence can come from just having fun. >> and a lot of presentations there are yeah I stuff up by like by accepting that you can stuff up and that's fine >> and using that to connect with the audience more makes it a lot more fun for the audience and for you and then when they're enjoying it you can feel a lot more comfortable as well. , and so I think practice and just having fun is the main thing for being able to present. >> , once you have that, then you can get the information out. But if you can't connect with the audience and you don't look like you're having fun, >> no one really >> But I think what I hearing from you, you put yourself in that position to practice. If the students they don't you know come with today is opportunity for us to sit here and to talk and to share our experience if we don't you know consider I know that everyone's is busy but I think if we don't get engage with the opportunities that is coming you don't have that practice if you sitting at home and do your study all the time you're fantastic your knowledge I can you know I can admit that you are very knowledgeable person but that doesn't mean that you can you have enough practice to communicate and make a fun and enjoy of that. So I think that's my message to the students >> get to know yourself improve your knowledge but do you know be aware of the opportunities and get engaged. I think through your practice you have that magic of you know start oh I'm now enjoying I'm now I start in front of the lecture room with 400 students and I don't you know so this is my space you know I'm going to act then and sometimes technology I remember I don't want to take time but I think >> sometimes the things are not going to happen the way that you think it has to happen so I was in for the people in this room at ATC 101 it's one of the largest theater room that you have and if you have a lecture and then the technology start stop working then you find yourself that you are going to have okay eyes are looking at me I don't have my slide what I'm going to do okay I have two choice whether I just show myself that oh I'm not able to continue you know teaching the biology or I just at least stand the way that I start said like just to project I wasn't comfortable at all but I just decide to project myself that I'm confident and I come perhaps with few words that it's just bring me back to the you know the you know action so but all of this happens if I was in the beginning of my journey as an academic. This was a disaster. >> you know sometimes I go with the events and the things is not going ahead with what we plan to do. So I guess it's all coming from your experience and your practice. Nobody teach us, nobody trained us how to do deal with it unless we need to learn from our own practice. So I think that's a very you know great message that we need to put ourselves in the position that we come to get engaged and learn from each other and practice because that's the only magic key that it make you perfect if you are willing to be more >> absolutely getting out there and just putting your being uncomfortable please. Yeah, I just want to add some points. I like that the most important things presentations is being natural. Deliver the knowledge that what you have. Nobody expects you to be very painful. Don't expect always to be in this in this field or the thing that you the knowledge that you want to deliver. And always keep the audience engaging and there's always the first time. So yeah, the first time is hard and the second time you are fragile. The third time you don't need to practice and the most important thing in keeping the audience always engaging is expanding our knowledge. Absolutely. Well done. Thank you. Yes. And what about you? So you've mentioned that you haven't done much public speaking. Is that I'm assuming that you would like to because you're here. Have you have you kind of shied away from it or has it just really not been a good chance to do it? >> Just shied away from it. Like I don't feel well during my journey here at uni. I just never had like the chance as well. But I guess now that I'm doing random challenges, I'm most developing. Yeah. But yeah, I've just never shied away from it mostly. >> That's a great example though of what Beta was just saying. You've put yourself forward to do one of these kind of challenges. I assume that's an optional thing. >> Yes, the core units. >> Oh, it's a core unit. Okay. So, you've chosen a course that has that. So, >> yeah. >> , so you know, you have to do it. And can I just can't let what beta said earlier go past without commenting on it too. What you said about thinking about curriculum is such a brilliant example of looking for where your power is, where's your sphere of influence, what could you do? And you know no doubt to if you do start kind of you know trying to influence the direction of the curriculum you'll be giving public talks even if it's within you know your academic group within to the academic board or within your school executive and that's you know very similar to any other kind of public talk and it's it would be about thing why is getting people to understand why it's important what the benefits could be how it could work and trying to be as queer and succinct as possible and using your own style. I think that's something really important as well is, you know, I have a certain style. We all have certain styles. You know, we can play around with it a bit. You know, depending on the on the audience, I'll be more formal or more joy or whatever, but I'm still always recognizably me communicating, not just the physical. , and I think, you know, where public speaking can go a bit off is when somebody tries to be something that they're not. So, play up to your core values, your core, you I think that always comes across really well. So there you go. That's as I said my favorite example. I think Alan touched on this earlier. So I won't say a lot more here about understanding your audience other than that when it comes to talking about something like climate change and it may well be the case for other scientific topics. There can be all sorts of other sensitivities around. So not just that kind of what's the age or the education level of the audience but you political beliefs ideological beliefs you know if you are talking about vaccines for example during the pandemic I'm sure you know some people got caught up on in that kind of political polarization of that issue. Certainly when it comes to climate change there are some people who it might be easier to connect with them by again emphasizing those kind of shared values. We all want the safe for our kids, our family or whatever. Whereas if you kind of go in with a you know stereotypically kind of progressive viewpoint and you know hands up that's me. So I have to kind of really watch that and rein myself in sometimes and think about the audience. Think perhaps I've got a more conservative audience and so I need to hit different buttons not necessarily just assume that people would necessarily think that tackling climate action u tackling climate crisis was good on its own merits have has anyone got any questions on anything that we've talked about so far anything that any examples you'd like to share? It's sort of interesting, I suppose, from even a local perspective here at Swimburn. There's a whole lot more politics here than it seems that universities across the board now than I'd ever imagined, frankly. And it's been an interesting kind of contrast especially for our aviation department because and engineering as well. In fact, you know, there's one of these clubs here been going around putting posters up everywhere about wanting to keep Boeing out and walking and a few of these different companies and then they're reaching out to our clubs as well asking us to promote this course which we have we deliberately stayed very far from politics and all that because aviation but it's going it's kind of odd. Because it's in direct contrast from our actual best interest because some of those companies you know not necessarily those specific divisions that these guys are concerned about but they're a huge supporter of our industries and provide a lot of you know very good people to come and talk and do presentations and displays and so on and also provide huge amount of internship ship, graduate roles and all that sort of thing. So the balance of where you go well how can we act in the best interests of not only the global community but also the local community and kind of provide an equilibrium of sorts has been yeah something which we've come across and to be honest haven't been expected really >> and so that's something that's rapidly developing and changing at the moment. And of course climate ties into that, but as well you know how can we as you know obviously aviation is a considerable contributing to climate issues. And so we're trying to acknowledge that and go well what's the steps we can take in the right direction to acknowledge that and start changing things. And it's it's all happening very quickly. And so you have to keep up >> which is difficult. >> That's a great example. And some, you know, when you're if you're giving a public talk about to student students, high school students about studying radiation at Swinburn, you might want to think about how you do you bring that in, do you not? What how would you present it? , so yeah, always being aware of the kind of broader context. , did you >> just Yeah. Taking in all the wonderful ideas and yeah the beliefs and the passion that you all are bringing into the conversation is and sorry I don't know anyone's name but what do you think apart from this afternoon when you give your 4m minute talk on why having excellent communication skills around science is so vital for the world , what do you think that your next public talk might be? , Simon just doing like presentation. So, I guess we're just like present. I mean, we're going to present what we did and then present what we did to solve that problem. That's true. >> Mhm. Yeah. And so, but I take it, have you been part of those group presentations before? >> , yeah, I did I did so last year I think I did is we try to solve a problem with it's a community called jig and it's a part with nitro solution. So five of us have to come up with five different solutions. So we start looking combat nitrate water. So yeah, >> great. And how did you feel it went? >> How do you feel? I feel like I feel nervous but afterwards what I did is presented well. I think I wear a suit at the presentation and I think some of my friends did that. Sometimes they wear a suit, sometimes they did not. And yeah, so yeah, we were presenting well. We did like at least like up to three minutes. >> Mhm. >> And we got it. We got >> Well done. Great. And how did you feel afterwards? >> Felt great. I think I celebrate. >> Oh, nice. Well, so you should I mean that's another thing you know what's it's a big thing to put yourself in front of people and to say here you know everyone's a bit scared of making a mistake or I mean doing something wrong and so to do that to do it well even if you do make a mistake it's fantastic and you should take a little moment afterwards to just go I did it wrong there is also some research around about How if you've got a positive audience who's reacting well and receiving the information, engaging, that makes it easier. It actually reduces your heart rate like they monitored people while giving public talks. So later on when you give your talks, I want you all to be extremely supportive of each other because that will actually reduce everyone's stress levels and probably make everyone more effective. That's almost like when you go to a comedy show or you know any art music show if the artist or the singer is or the drama cruel is >> if the audience is not engaging then they feel the pressure >> and most shows that I go to with my husband and the comedian literally will then tell you off a clap and that's a part of the Yeah. The way that they communicate sarcasm to the audience is come on, you need to cheer me up. So it's Yeah. And that's just the wrong vibe completely, isn't it? It's just a humor killer. And that's a good point to pick up on. So humor, you know, the use of humor can be really effective. Alan used it right at the start. I think it talk the example now but you know I've never there might be some circumstances where it's inappropriate but in most cases it actually really helps people like a bit the dreamer I feel pressured to say something funny now and I can't think of anything. So and also your point is really good as well about clothes. So again thinking about 100% present what's the look that you want to have but really important as well to be comfortable you know about if you sit if you get that's not that's not going to help either. So we're we're not going in a lot of detail today about online presentations versus in real life presentations but I do want to just touch on a couple of things about online. So also important to think about the screen as being that's your stage that's your frame and you can enter the stage as well. So think about what is the first thing that people will see. One of the big mistakes that I made at the start when I started doing a lot of online presenting was I was moving around too much and that's really offputting to try and be a bit kind of calm a bit more static when you're on screen. , have your This is important always to have your kind of first few sentences ready so that you're not stumbling over them, but it's even more important when you're presenting online. Think about your background as well. What will people see? You know, move that ironing board and the dirty cup out of the way so that people don't see that. Try and have some decent lighting. , and practice what you look like as well. You can do a short kind of clip of yourself, you know, short 30 second, 2 minute recording on Zoom or whatever it is to see yourself. Play it back, force yourself to it can be really enlightening and it probably will change the way that you sit and hold yourself on screen. >> Just want to add something on the science of that. What is happening once we go with a public speaking you had earlier in one of your slide what was the name of that >> communication at prevention. >> Yeah. So if you go with the with the physiology of our body whatever is happen in the brain and what is you know all the it's kind of a neuroscience we don't want to go to that details but what I learned that once you go for the public speaking that's kind of the natural stress that you have and if you come with a deep breath three times So it's just helping you and your position and the structure of your body, the way that you're going to stand, that's going to help you a lot. And that's why I was to some of my you know students coming to the you know they're nervous once they want to kind of going to interview or going to you know a limited time for the presentation. So don't forget to come with a deep breath because that is going to happen. It's kind of helping you with a science background of what is happening automatically in your body. So that's I've learned from my practice that if I am going to have an interview and it's a short amount of time, you want to present yourself in half an hour, you just do your best. The outcome comes next. But yeah, deep breath is something that we are going to practice today. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Perhaps also thinking like what Peter was talking about and Alan did speak you know the declining trend of STEM sorry that's a deficit language the way we could empower our young children so high school students you know youth for example in snippets of a 2 minute 3 minute 4m minute role play for example so I'm a big fan of yeah technology and technology has multimodal ways of speaking drawing for example you know even speaking can be you pause you ask questions so it's a two-way interaction so think of students would be primary students and I'll be talking about an example later sorry not taking too much of your time >> but that personal life so you mentioned what are the values that is connected back to climate so again understanding what does climate mean for young children for an 8-year-old versus a yet 10 student and how they might be empowered through the work that you're doing here at university. I mean I'm yet to know but you said aviation or aviation is a great topic to talk to high school students. Not that we're doing a marketing strategy of getting them to come and enroll you know through our undergraduate degree but that might be your belief and your strategy of how do you make it more invitational that aviation is something doable. It's not a scary space which is what Alan showed us is the declining trend is because of the apprehensiveness of or stems too hard for me >> that Harry made me for two weeks different you know juggling and role play and making it fun is also something >> yeah personal I know sorry I you were working earlier so I didn't include But >> no, that's okay. On this debate. , so I do media coms and it's really interesting to hear that it for most of my units we have not most my units but once a semester like my units I've had to do a presentation so like and so that's like a lot of public speaking and I've gone through all the school I did theater and I did like all that so I'm used to speaking in front of an audience what I do to think about to leave nervous I do get nervous because I just think I know what I'm talking about. Cuz when you tell yourself that you're you're an expert in your area, not to seem like you have a superiority complex, but just to know that you're you know what you're talking about, it puts your mind at ease a little bit. It's like tricking yourself. >> You have to know. >> Yeah. >> And just have some random topic. I mean, give me a topic and I'll talk about it. But like, if it's if it's something that's actually relevant and could identify with them that you know about, if you know, if you're just trying to read off a piece of paper that someone else has prepared for you and they say, "Speak about this. " Well, you know, you can read it and you can talk about it, but it's it's nowhere near the same in terms of levels of engagement as something that you've got personal experience and knowledge with where you can go, actually, I could really dive into this and go really deep with it and make it a million times more engaging and talk for hours. I think that's something that I see a lot of people get tripped up on, especially maybe it was just private school boy been brought up with public speaking and theater for his whole like life, but the contrast between people who have practiced it and people who, you know, have researched and know what they're talking about compared to those that don't is astounding rate. So this I'm so glad you brought that up because this actually goes to the core like this has been one of the core questions for me over the last eight years because I had to start communicating about something that I didn't know a lot about. Basically I knew a lot about international education. I knew a lot about how universities worked. I could see there was scope to bring the two together. I could see there was scope for the waves universities ran to be operated in a more environmentally sustainable way. I could see there were things they could do but I wasn't a climate scientist. And that's one of the problems I think that holds back a lot of climate action is that most climate scientists know the science but they don't know how to implement it in a particular setting particular environment. So you need people who can actually cross over. So you know I've I and then it's very hard to be confident when you are talking publicly about something that you actually don't have that strong grounding in. So I've had to learn an awful lot but I also have had to learn when to step back and I always acknowledge that I'm not an expert and not a scientist. What I am an expert in is international educational education and I bring in those experts where I can. But I think for a wicked problem like climate action, we do need people who are prepared to kind of cross over and kind of straddle both two different worlds. How am I going for tomorrow? >> You have the number. >> , but yes, it is obviously much easier to talk about something that you're very confident in yourself. , so yeah, I think thinking about those barriers to change that other people might have as well is always important to So you mentioned you do advocacy work. Have you is that something that you've come up against where you're having to actually think about that? >> Yeah, definitely. I think just overall a lot of I do a lot of stuff in high schools and doing things all over the place and I find that connecting back to what they are learning, what they're interested in is really the only way to connect to people. , one example is I was at a high school and my role was just to be a mentor in that classroom and talking with the students about how and hope try and get them to engage in STEM and look into tertiary education. And this one student, she just did not want to engage. She was just playing games the entire time. And I was just sitting next to her and instead of engaging her in the class, I engaged in the game she was playing. And I was like, "Why? Why did you choose this game? What interests you about this game? " "Oh, you enjoy horses. " "Oh, what about horses? " And she started talking about how she wishes she had horses at home. And she could she would love to go into like working with animals, being a vet or working in a zoo and those kinds of things. And by understanding that about her and engaging her, I was able to kind of move her into the classwork by engaging her in how does the classwork relate to horses and animals in the zoo instead of just going, "Oh, that's interesting, but this is more important or this is important to your future. " connecting it exactly to what she was doing at the time made her really interested in actually doing that classwork and actually wanting to improve herself, make that change. >> It's a beautiful example. It's really smart. You've got to meet people where they are, especially if you're talking about a topic that might involve you. Either I try to sometimes I actually do call on people to change sometimes it's kind of more embedded as a as a prompt but I think so another example of over the last few years I've run this climate action virtual internship where we've taken groups interdisciplinary groups of students placed them in businesses around Asia and we've developed a climate action plan for the business that they have to then present at the end and it's what I've loved is watching. So wherever possible we would try and pair. So for example a STEM student with a media and commerce student or a business student and law student and psychologist whatever and that kind of both have something. So in almost every case both people were able to bring something really distinctive and important to the conversation that helped improve both sets. That helped improve the overall presentation because you know as Alan alluded to earlier you know there's a scientific way of presenting and sometimes that might be something a way that people are used to the medium coms people might you know they've got that kind of journalistic approach where that marketing approach really important when you're actually trying to persuade people like something which often when it comes to climate change, you know. , the educators, well, they definitely added something. The business people were like, "Yeah, but you put in there like what the business advantages of the day at the end. " So I think some kind of multidisiplinary opportunity which obviously this is but it's mainly the students here today but I think it's really important as well because this is a multid-disiplinary problem unless you're talking to somebody about the specific scientific angle of you know some research that can be applied mostly when you're talking about climate change to people it's it's going to be a multi-disiplinary approach that's needed >> and I think this is the message to our students that they should not feel that because they are in the isolated schools going through their degree by practicing and learning on their core units >> unless we make the opportunity for them to come and share their knowledge. So for example, our STEM students, they're good with their science knowledge and problem solving, critical thinking, but if it comes to the project where they need to maybe communicate or the project so they need an expert. So I guess every one of us coming with their strengths and weaknesses. So but I think to collectively collaboratively we can bring our you know strength and then we can learn from each other. That's why I think ouration should be you know focused on more interdisiplinary practice for our students to feel confidence once they graduate because once you graduate you are going to find your job in the real workplace that interdisiplinary practice and knowledge is more essential that your own you know I think scientific knowledge. I mean they equally are important but we the learning journey through our degree we just focus on one and we miss the other one. So that's why I think some program like this and some event like this provide me the opportunity for students from different disciplines to work together and maybe bring that like practice and then yeah once we practice then we have more confidence to go and act as a science communicators that Allen invited us to you know consider in our life. It's great. And you know that's so true. They unless you go into a lab very probably you're going to be working with people from all sorts of different disciplines and you'll certainly be communicating to people from different disciplinary backgrounds. So to your talk. So the idea is not the idea the task is that each of you will deliver a 4m minute talk. If we'd had a larger crowd we might have paired you up. If you really want to go in pairs you can but and I invite you also to be part of the team. You can talk I can see we have three groups. Yeah. My brain to work. Okay, I'm going to sit with you. Okay, it's not about evaluating this is about the opportunity and practice. That's what Joseph you mentioned like we needed more opportunity to practice and you mentioned that you didn't practice this but you're here for >> today doing this. I'm very nervous. I'll be honest with you. >> I've never filmed an event before. >> Thank you for sharing that. That's very good. So I can see that potentially like we might have more students joining us during the one hour catering and networking. But potentially we have one, two and three groups and the good you know the good the good things about it we are going to provide you a certificate talk about and we are going to give you a prize for that and if we have this number of the students I need I'm happy to support you all okay unless we have 30 student I cannot I don't but yeah So don't worry about that. We just be yourself. Think about what do you want and what you expect from you investing your time today. I want you to practice something and earn something once you leave at 3 p. M. Okay. >> Yeah. And it's a safe space like this is look everyone's friendly. It's absolutely safe to try something out. Everyone will be very supportive. So yeah, absolutely. So the talk we actually had we've had a couple of different topics for it, but it's around why science communication skills are more vital than ever. You can adapt that slightly if you'd like, but that's essentially it. You know, why it's important that you put your STEM skills to work to communicate the importance of science to the public. So four minutes long. We have said that there's a little bit of wiggle room. So if you're, you know, if you're just under, that's fine. If you're just over, 30 seconds either way will that's fine. But you know, trying to keep the time is really important. So ideally for four minutes. I think we'll give a warning. Is it at like at the 3 minute mark? >> We can we can we can brainstorm. You can just if you go over 4 minutes 30 seconds, we'll start laughing. >> so that's it. And yeah, private. So we were thinking there will be a people's prize and a panel's prize. So the people's prize you get to vote for as well. Is that still Yeah. Sorry. And if there's an opportunity, you go and get to speak to young students. So it's at some point you might think of us as a you know Santa session, early Christmas session in terms of engaging in fun ways younger students and younger audiences. So you then have that opportunity to be role models for other students, younger primary high school students. And I want to see this is going to be again you investing your time and make we are we want to make sure that this is going to have some impact on your learning also impact on your inspiring the community. So that's why we are going to invite you and it's kind of a me discussing with the group of outreach activity outreach who are design taking managing this visit to a high school. So after this event I need to get confirmation how many students are willing and it's about just one hour session we go to visit we go together we are going to have a study tour here you didn't join us in Malaysia so we are going to have a study tour here in Melbourne we are visiting a school we can come together have fun have a coffee then start working and then maybe we get a public transport we go together. So they we just want to come up with let's say three groups that's the ideal numbers and it takes one hour of our time visiting the school and we just come up with let's say 5 10 minutes presentation it could be any topic that you're interested I am fan of the sustainable you know impacts but you are bringing your computing science your aviation what's your major >> I did engineering computer science >> computer science so you bringing media communication biotechnology so you bring you give us a topic that you would like to share with the high school students and that's going to be of course in your LinkedIn about your reflection from today to that visit how did you do you know what are the what did you learn and how that actually impact on you and you know it's aligned with your values. So that's one LinkedIn post. Everyone has a LinkedIn you have LinkedIn. >> Yeah. >> Good. So all have LinkedIn. So that's going to be one post and anything you can inspire my students. So my students are will be science teachers and they'll be the ones who will teach the students that you >> are you hoping to have some of your students on board? >> Yes. Yeah. Three groups of your you know in terms of empowering even your colleagues and other fellow colleagues and other students from other departments. So bring them on board because the students that I work with again there's a lot of apprehensiveness about not public speaking per se but also how am I going to be the sage on the stage and teach primary school students about the difference between moon star solar system because I've got it in my curriculum. I've got it in my curriculum about aerodynamics. I've got it in my curriculum about you know bacteria, viruses, micro technology and I've got digital computational thinking side of you know digital literacy to teach. Of how you believe and empower other students within Swinburn would be. >> So the conversation at the end of today is going to be behind this event we only have one hour session in the school. If you can confirm with me so you can confirm that I give you some time to think about your topic then we go together visit the school and that is going to be also I don't know if I get a chance to add that as part of documentary but when is it >> we are going to decide so >> on what day I haven't decided >> no not yet because they have asked me and I said I need to meet the you know the students first then we make a decision But it should be sometimes I think they're targeting grade 10 and it should be sometime end of October or November when you have time. I don't have time. >> Okay, good. >> That's okay. We can make it align with Christmas. Yeah, >> that will makes you know 10 students excited. Yeah, because at the moment they're choosing the subjects >> you know the students back in the school also that are busy. So for them to have us part of their you know work is also but anyway we don't want to talk about that details right now but great fabulous opportunity. , so let's talk about the judging criteria, which that sounds a bit too official, but essentially what we'll be looking for when deciding what the panel will be looking for when deciding who gets the prize and what you should be looking for when you're thinking about how to assess everyone else prize to talk to. But also, it's not just about assessing. It's about thinking about what to put in yourself. So you obviously you've got to think about the content. You want to think about the how it's actually structured. I mentioned earlier about the logical progression although that's really important. Does it does it follow more logical in the sequence? You want to think about the impact. Are you actually talking about something that is likely to impact on your audience to resonate with them? Think about clarity. Again about avoiding jargon using clear language. If you do have to use any jargon or an acronym, explain what it is in a way that makes sense. Thinking about analogies as well. And that kind of last one, delivery, that's again a more intangible one. So how you present, what sort of energy you bring to it, your tone. I think I know you mentioned that you've got drama experience. So you would probably know this. My actor partner again talks to me about the speed of delivery is important that there's a particular kind of rhythm and speed. I don't I'm trying to do it. That's good to understand. >> Good to understand dramatic >> you know take your time. People when they're nervous tend to speed up a little bit and you start talking about too fast and it's hard for people to follow but also it shows they're nervous. So yeah, just taking your time making your point. But just and also that last point, creativity, feel free to get a little bit creative. We've been u very kind of flexible with the format. You know, if you wanted to if you wanted to put a little bit of a poem in there or a bit, you know, anything. It doesn't matter. It's about getting your message across in a way that is authentic to you. So, as long as it's a kind of a good delivery, effective delivery. So any questions on those? Thank you. >> I think now we need to stand. We might say that a lot this morning. Let's stand >> and we can just have a bit of you know walking around. I know that we used to ask a student to shake their hands in the beginning. So we didn't get a chance to introduce ourselves. So and I want everyone to write their name. If you didn't just can and I ask everyone to write their name and if you please the catering is coming at 12 after Sara's presentation but if you would like to have we have about 8 minutes to SA's talk so if you have arbit any of these other and I didn't bring water >> I love the color very bright in the I like it. Very fresh. >> Awesome. >> That was an interesting conversation and like hearing I found it really interesting for me. I don't think knowledge like knowledge is important >> but I don't feel like knowledge is the public like engagement the communication and the curiosity that I've got Not just to kiss the topic, communicate the topic that there's it showed that is not the case in how much misinformation information is spread. You do not need to know a topic. If you are confident, show curiosity. Make the audience have that curiosity. >> You can say anything. >> Yeah. I mean as long as you're saying >> I always have like a lot of people you're so smart that's so difficult and I'm like you said that for me I was writing it down cuz I was like I always forget how it was like theories and all these complex calculations. I see it as a way to learn how to a way to learn how to suck a stand up which when you see it that way like I wrote it I said STEM is creativity and it's built into every single career regardless of where you go STEM is built into your career and it's all about creativity and giving people that courage >> because by giving people understanding how you have their face allows you to be able to do anything. Well, if you just step, >> but yeah, exactly. Anything like I so as part of one of my roles I work with high schools where like low socioeconomic schools and we talk to them how they can continue but I believe I run the work on. So we run a bunch of different workshops on different and first question I always ask what is engineering to all of this motors buildings all >> yes that can be but to me engineering the problem engineering is that journey to solving And so in high school I also I also thought oh engineering yes they're the problem solving but it's all physical machine and all that. Well, now I am a lot more confident and I'm a lot more passionate about working for people because I see engineering as any problem that people problems anything you learn that problem solving which can be put anywhere you do as well and he said So >> because we had a whole >> physical I actually you when I was in school if I heard somebody talking about engineering >> it's really important which is going to school I find in high school I very much was a situ But somehow getting involved in programs that they can bring to being that people change I think. So yeah, cuz I've always wanted to help people like trying to figure out how to do that. Always knew but now I always thought going into those foundations and they will be like study. They're waiting for me to introduce the book and they're coming and then they're coming and you're looking and I also work with this person so important to careers give me their title what you just said. I think we're also very small. I read it last week with a group of like three. Yeah, I present something but found it so much getting there immediately because some like slides you stay on for like a couple seconds. But when they had the questions, they were able to students joining us. Alexa. >> All right. Let's just start. >> All right. So should I move this slide >> and should I just if we can now we are going to invite and these are all recorded so I didn't pause the recording so Yeah, maybe in few seconds we are going to start. >> Okay, sorry. I'm >> Yeah, just we didn't let them take a break and started talking. If you want to, it's going to capture your voice. If you don't want to stay just there, you can see. Yeah, it's with a green light. It means that it's working. So, yeah, we just give few seconds for students to live. How was your eternal next? >> >> Then I left. No believe. >> >> I think specifically about that's Oh my goodness. Zero table something has likes Yeah, we just got starting to set up. One minute. We can start. >> Great. All right. Thank you. Thank you for having me and I've really enjoyed the conversation we've had so far. So I feel quite empowered already talking to you guys about the work that you're doing at Swinburn. So I'll introduce myself. , my name is , Sera and I'll dare to invite you to say my last name. Sorry, I have it back as a teacher. >> Oh, you named it. Anyone else was thinking of something else? Were you imagining something else? Very well. Very. Yes. Kill Raman. >> It's a lot less syllables than it looks. >> Did I say it right? That's what my year students used to say. That's what my year nine students year 9 boys used to say. She's here to kill us because she's a science teacher. >> Yes. So, I've been a teacher by trade since 2008. And it was one of those saddest moments when I left teaching back in 2015 because I had the luxury of doing my PhD in teacher education and my PhD was about how parents and students make subject choices, career choices instead. And then I got a job at me and I said goodbye to my teaching but then I anchored my research and my teaching into teacher education. So my family tells me you've never left school. And what I do here at Swinburn, I am a senior lecturer in STEM education and I work with undergraduate students. I teach science STEM units in the early childhood course and the early childhood primary and the primary beard courses. Hence, I really see a good potential for my own students to come and be in this room or be at some future room or a space with you guys to have that conversation because since I left teaching and now when I go into schools there's still that persona of science is too hard to teach and hence you saw professor Allen talking about those declining enrollments in STEM subjects at universities when I left teaching in a physics classroom my colleague next door had six students only it broke my heart back then and I said okay I'll try and do something and solve this problem with my PhD and hence I've done a lot of work and research in community settings working with culturally linguistically background parents carers back in you know out of northwest northeast Melbourne and I park my work more and more and I'm hoping that at some point when we go into schools and work with teachers, we're working with students who really are passionate but they do not know how to get there and we help them do that by having that science communication. So what I'm here to talk to you is how to build authentic learning context and this is one of the modules that I teach in my own unit as well because my students go into placements. You started to talk about the practice, the internship which is so important and we at Swinburn we really try hard to give you as much as many opportunities and platforms to practice. Hence Peter and myself are scrambling okay where else can we get you to go and practice be over and beyond. So you're talking about the work integrated learning which is you know Swinburn's mantra about how do we get these job ready graduates and increase your employability skills in many ways as startups as entrepreneurs as different you know jobs and so on that you do whilst you're studying. So, have you heard of citizen science? Okay, thank you. Okay, so thumbs up, down, cross. If this was my class, I would have given you Yes. Thumbs up, down maybe. Or I would have given you green and red cups. So again, lots of play-based tools which then you ease your audience. What the hell is she talking about? Citizen science or leave alone. I don't know what science is and now she wants me to be a citizen science. So yeah, this is something that I tell my students. We work it around and we debunk, we unpack what is citizen science and the reason to bring in citizen science into the younger generation, how to build their scientific literacy. So citizen science is all about partnerships. Partnerships can happen anywhere. Catchups, coffee clubs, Friday, Friday evening, PD at a pub. How many of you go to the pub on Fridays? Yeah, sorry. I'm too old. Lost the battle comedy shows. Yeah. So it's about having the partnerships and partnerships can happen where people live, learn, breathe, communicate, solve problems, talk about problems. I didn't do that. So it's about partnerships between communities, between you guys, all of you. Coffee catchups, pub catchups, drink catchups. Now industry partners, it's the trend right after co how many let's have a coffee. Oh, I've been I missed coffee three 3 years whatever 2 years whichever state you were in or Yeah. Or country you were in. So now these days we have coffee catchups with our industry partners, coffee catchups with teachers. If I have to go and talk to them about hey what curriculum are you working on and how we can collaborate to make your work more easy so your students are empowered to learn or become scientifically literate. So it's all about partnerships in authentic and real working living breathing environments. And that's how you build passion for scientific literacy. We all have passion here. Something is there in us about science, technology, engineering, arts, maths, drama, sorry you'll talk to vice chancellors so I'm sure there's something you know sustainability, climate change, we all have expertise, no one was born empty, you know, as a vacuum space and all children, all students also have prior experiences. So how do you build those take on board those experiences and then talk to young people and build that relationship with them so then they feel oh aha I can do this I feel like I am a citizen scientist now because I can partner with someone over a coffee catch up and I can talk about problems and I can talk about how I can solve problems with expert people like you all and projects And then the coffee catchups then become projects. I was at a conference just in end of August. Beautiful London, nice and sunny. I go to Brighton rain. I'm like am I back to Melbourne? And people are like oh this is UK, this is England. I'm like okay welcome to Melbourne. This is Melbourne too. But anyway over there it was in terms of five minute conversation became projects we're now planning and talking about papers and publications and projects and data collection. So one of the project that I'll be working with during Christmas holidays is asking young students define and draw a scientist. Not everybody can define a scientist. Fair enough. Draw a scientist and that's it. I collect the paper. I do some data with a with a with a protocol with an analytical framework. However, when the child or the student was drawing that scientist, they brought in some expertise, right? No one just takes a piece of paper. They always maybe their culture was there in on that piece of paper about what they feel a scientist might look like or be like or do you know their worker the work of a scientist for example. So it's very important to know your audience and that's how you will then collaborate build partnerships and then take them to a journey to build scientific awareness within the community. It's always important to co-design. When I get a piece of paper to that child, draw a scientist. I'm not saying draw it this way. Step number one, do this. Step number two, that is killing imagination. That is killing the form of expression that they might bring in. But then we as the knowledgeable person because we all are scientists in some form or the other can scaffold them and build their scientific literacy. So then you become citizen scientists. So see that your role is you've got a dual role. You're empowering others to become citizen scientists. At the same time you are also acting as citizen scientists. So let's go through an example of what I recently did in research project. With a school in Katherine South in the Northern Territory. I'm a big believer of social justice and equity perspectives. So any research that I do volunteer voluntarily I always go in and work with low ACS communities and I had the real you know privilege and the opportunity to work with this indigenous primary school and my research is looking at multimodal technologies robotics that's it I've got a robot in hand but when I showed the teachers this is a robot But how are you going to pack this into your curriculum? Are you going to excite your students to learn about science to learn about mathematics to become engineers? So we co-designed this activity and we gave this problem brief to the primary students coming from different backgrounds. So it was an indigenous school. So storytelling was very important. So again that came from the teachers. So you as when you're acting as citizen scientists or when you're building your communication talks, storytelling again I think it was the fourth principle that Alan was talking about or third principle. How do you tell your story? How you tell your story and then build a market and have your startup and start having the Yeah, the funding around you or sell your product. So anyway, this story started with bushfires. So I gave them I mean we brainstormed different ideas. What is the problem right now that you want your primary students to engage with? So a lot of rangers, park rangers come and talk to these students. Some of these students haven't been out of their community, not even out of not even to Darwin, even won't come to Melbourne. So for them the living breathing environment and to act as you know partake in an activity where they have to code and you know learn how to maneuver a robot. It has to be for a meaningful purpose. So we came up with this bushfire story because we wanted the students to role play as bushfire safety engineers. There is a lack of that scientific literacy and that profession STEM profession in that particular context. So we asked the students, hey, how are you going to role play as bushfire safety engineers? Because you need to solve a problem. And the problem is bush fires are becoming more frequent and dangerous. They're threatening homes, wildlife, animals, plant, flora, fauna in the Katherine region. So we didn't give them any other region in Darwin or in Melbourne. Like buckar Melbourne, I live here. So it's about anchoring into the authentic learning context, especially during the dry season. The community needs new solutions. And here is a piece of technology we're giving you robotics. How are you then going to act as an engineer to ensure that important cultural site sites where you go for hunting, fishing and recreation activities. How are you going to protect the environment and the local cultural places that you love to go to with your parents and carers or with your friends. For example. So the design thinking and creativity and critical think thinking started to you know come in action. So you will be working in pairs for example. These students started to work also in groups of three to four to design a story map for them. Art is very important. So designing, drawing, creating, constructing is very important. And that's how they realized, oh, I am now going to act as an engineer and I'm going to make my community scientifically literate of how to save the animals the flora, fauna, the crocodiles and all of that are in my local region from this, you know, high booming temperatures for example that are causing bushfires. So these are some examples we asked them go and research and then role play. And then once you've designed you know what you want your robot to do you will then start coding it. So computer science information came in these robots that the students work with these are primary students. They're not secondary students where they have these high-tech robots. At some point they will. But some of the constructions and creations they made were just amazing in terms of how that entire prototype could be taken to a computer scientist. These are some examples and this story is now available on the Facebook page on the school Facebook page which just warmed our heart and I'm going back and talking to the teachers. They are on holidays at the moment and they're just so excited with the work the students produced. So these are the local places that they go and visit. These are the story maps and then these are the pathways that they're going to act as bushfire safety engineers where they're coding the robots and whilst they were coding the robots some other student in their group is recording audio recording. So the end product for the teacher the assessment was the storytelling was the assessment task whether it could be a audio recording or a audio video recording or simple if you don't want to do recording then how would you make as make it as a collage so some students wanted to make it as a collage so the literacy skills their drawings the beautiful animals and the trees and the bushes that they go in for recreation activities where their grandparents and the elders might be going for hunting and fishing for example. That all culminated into this beautiful piece of art. Whilst they were using the iPads to quote the robot and whilst they were telling the story they were saying, "My robot has sensors to sense high temperatures. My robot has a camera where it can detect the crocodile in the river, for example. " So all of these different stories that they started to role play and act as waterman rangers and the next step is these students are then going to go and deliver a tour to the local community and show their prototypes or simply their designs and the that was the extension activity construct a robot. So some of these you will see some of these designs that came in. Again this is diverse abilities of students. Some created drawings. Some created you know robots by itself using recycled materials. , some used Lego robotics kits to make their robots with, you know, sensors and go travel around and save the animals from dying from bushfires or protect them before the bush fire comes and hits them. So that was an example of how these primary school students acted as citizen scientists. How else could we support them and take their learning journey, their STEM journey to become empower the local community? Teacher has had enough. I've done my marking. I've done my assessment. See you later. That's it. I move on and plan my next term. Teachers are so busy. I think at an external you know science compensators to the teachers. This is a event CSRO has this type of the partnership for all of us who are study in any field of ST there to bring something to kind of authentic activity and ask last time I visited a school I asked them okay tell me one action that you're going to consider around the dining table tonight with your parents and your sisters or brothers. So bringing that and they are fantastic kids they really like they get excited. Okay, we discussed about composting during the weekend. Be discussing about buying a product that has this you know sustainable package you know bringing that type of okay now you are the leader how you're going to lead your family members just you know sitting around the table and do it and they come with a fantastic example so I guess encouraging students that again bringing this to our daily tasks it's a kind of a I think a good habit and supporting the teachers with the ideas because there are there are a lot needs to be covered and they shouldn't feel they are alone in this journey for our future ladies. >> Yeah. So yeah I invite you now maybe a few ideas about how would you then teach and build young students's opport communities scientific literacy about climate change challenges. So here we're talking about the bushfire challenge and the impacts on the planet. And again it might be something which is you know everything is can be centered around climate change and all of that like we're talking about you know hydrogen fuel and all of that sustainable fuel energy. It might be in your context in your PhD research you might be doing something about you know particular types of materials and are they sustainable or not to solve the problem about you know dental yeah we have green solutions by biotechnologist to the synthetic antibacterial so we are extracting natural components from mimicking the environment ments to come with a type of material that is helping and acting as an antibacterial. So green solution team and amplified team fight. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So yeah, I invite you to think of what topics and ideas. Of course, you've got something in hand today, but you might want to park some of these ideas that you're inspired around and of course anchor in what your expertise is as well that how you want to motivate other younger generation or the community that you might go and park your talk into. I've given you some examples citizenscience. Org. Au you really live examples that the Australian government is right now working on asking for either voluntary participation calling out to younger students high school high schools as well. So five steps here in terms of how you would build students scientific literacy through your own communication science communication projects. How do you create the learning conditions? So the way I created the learning conditions was I worked with the teachers and not that I asked them come let's talk the day I'm available it was about the day and time when they were available and not taking in their lunchtime and their recess time and all of that. So it was about yeah those conditions even conditions in terms of how a classroom might work. Like I said, these students were of diverse needs. So, did I just give them the robot in hand or did I give them pen, paper, pencil, camera, different ways of communicating their ideas? So, how we create those learning conditions so they feel safe, welcome to voice their ideas and start painting and drawing and storytelling and develop through that. When you create the learning conditions, the people that you work with, they start to have these growth mindset, habits of mind and they start to interrogate and make sense of information. So they started researching, you know, what's happening, why is this a hot climate happening and why is there why does my robot need to have sensors? What's the job it's going to do? It was an interdisciplinary type of research that they were doing and the conversations and the types of problems and solutions that they were talking about. Careful planning is also important. Too much too much information giving them you know information overloaded which I think we are probably at the moment. So I'm going to stop very soon. So careful yeah carefully curating the information that you want to put together in your four-minute talk for example and I think Allison gave you a nice framework of how those ideas might work and generating student empathy is also important. So during the five minute dinner time conversation, we was talking about Friday Puffman conversation. I'm sure we're all going after 3 p. M. I'm talking about where teachers go or in the staff room where they talk about how was their week or what they're planning for next week and so on. But yes, creating that empathy and getting to know your audience is very important through empathizing with the problem they have. So empathizing with the problem that you're working on to solve that you know problem using nanotechnology for example and then also noticing at some point we all need to be a good listener also and I always tell my students you don't have to feel pressured just sit back and listen breathe listen and amazing ideas that come out from the people that you work or the audience that you will be communicating. So giving them the chance to speak and you listen and then that automatically creates a safe space that oh yeah I was I was given an opportunity to talk and voice my ideas. So yeah that was pretty much the end of what I wanted to communicate in my whatever 15 minute talk. So I just invite you to talk and chat amongst yourselves about how you will then incorporate these ideas and empower young minds around a climate change topic or any topic that you're passionate about and improve promote scientific literacy amongst your audience and then you become citizen scientists. And I think that's the end. That's a bit of a marketing strategy here. We all love LinkedIn increase in our LinkedIn. Yes. So Allison, we need to follow each other. I will follow you. >> that's why I always do. Networking is something we all for me LinkedIn is a professional learning space for me. So when I follow Alan, when I follow, when I follow Allison, I learn so much. I grow as a person which I've learned so much about public speaking. So I'm happy for any critical advice and feedback from the previous presenter and the work that I was talking about. A lot of these citizen science projects authentic projects are on my website inclusive robotics. Com and that is an example of our previous chief scientist. We've got Alan Fool and now it's Kathy Foley and of course we've got our own chief scientist as well, Professor Virginia. So all these projects they're available there on government websites if they're of any use for you for your own research for your own assignments projects and so on. Yeah, that's the end of me. Thank you so much SA sharing the great stories and how we can have an impact as a student as a science communicators communicating with a broader audience. So I guess what I'm going to do now so the food is here that's a good news. So we are going to have some because for us to act properly we need a good diet, we need a good rest and we need a good activities. So that's the way that I look at scientifically I look at the every activities that we are doing. So we are going to have one hour for us having this networking and deciding on the topic. I know that we propose a topic but you and your team member you might want to practice a topic which you would like to practice in front of the high school students grade 10. So whether you choose the topic that we suggest or whether you start thinking about the topic that you would aim to present in front of the high school students. I mean they both can targeted with the targeted audience. It's high school students. So we have 1 hour for catering, brainstorming, networking. Then from 200 p. M. No from 100 p. M. We are going to start action. So we are practicing. We are coming to you and your team to provide some you know feedback. And then hopefully by the from I think 200 p. M. We start inviting you to present and from 2:30 p. M. All the awarding and all the process for us to share the prize to you is going to happen and we have Dr. Reef coming from the school of science to share the prize. So one last thing that I want to say before we go with the food and lunch break there is a series of activity that we run and Joseph you talk about the opportunity for example we have if you submit 4minut video of your STEM or any idea if you're coming from business you're coming from you know arts even you're coming with the challenges in your future career I don't know whatever is your concern in a format of four minute storytelling video that's another way of communication by 28th of October if the that is going to be meet if that meets the criteria which is similar to the criteria that we shared today that's going to be in the live showcase it's the online version of science communication and the judges including Virginia, professor Virginia and team member from community and the work integrated learning manager will be there to judge again 4 minute video for 400 bucks and I think everyone needs that money for the Christmas time. So here we go. We have another opportunity for another way of online communication.