# VIDEO: 'Magic Moss: When Walls Come Alive.' (2025) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-12-15

Every year we are feeling hotter as the temperature keeps rising mainly due to forest fires. They released carbon dioxide and black carbon. Windows factories and vehicles add more smoke soap and nitrogen oxide to the atmosphere. In cities like Koala Lumpur or Pinang all that heat get stuck between buildings creating an heat island effect where the temperature can rise one to three Celsius higher than rural area. It's like clothing a giant invisible blanket or our cities. So how do we change from this into this? A modern eco-friendly cityscape featuring green millings and renewable energy system with mos architecture. A green design trend using living mos on the rooftops and on the walls. Hypnosive foam is the most common mos that used in architecture and landscape design. A group of scientists has experiment on how moles can cool food down and reduce pollution in cities by making a mo wall systems as shown here which consists of structural frames, mounting panels, support grids and preserve mo layer. They then place them in three different locations like traffic area, a small town and industrial zone. It works because the most balls survive and it absorb carbon dioxide during photosynthesis and releases oxygen just like other plants. Its tiny dense leaves also trap dust, smoke and pollutants from the air, cleaning it as it grows. This can help in reducing urban heat temperature by absorb sunlight instead of trapping heat like concrete does. And through evocore transpiration, it releases moisture that cools the surrounding air. And it also reduce noise pollution by absorbing sound waves through its soft sponge like texture. Unlike normal plants, mo doesn't even need soil, just water and shade. Perfect for Malaysia's humid. And it acts like natural on air filter right into our city. It doesn't need to be scary like this, but fight this. This building uses a living roof covered in moss and plants, cooling the home naturally. Next is the Singapore Changi Airport to keep the air fresh, reduce noise and cool indoor spaces naturally. Since mo doesn't need soil, just water and shake. It's perfect for indoor environment like airport. Next is the coera mo temple. It is covered in 120 types of moles creating a calm natural carpet that's super soft and peaceful. Now imagine Lumpur covered in most architecture where we in a living green city with less smoke, cooler air and clear skyline. So yeah, forest burning, traffic, factories may heat us up, but thanks to most architecture can help pull us down. Most might be small, but it can cause a big change in helping us breathe cleaner and grow greener cities for Malaysia's future. Therefore, we should never underestimate the power of nature. Thank you.