All right. Hello everyone. Thank you so much for being here. My name's Julia. , and I'm going to be running you through how to use Adobe Rush today. , so if you've never used an Adobe program before, if you've never edited a video before, don't worry, you're in the right place. , we're going to run through everything you need to know to get started. , I'm also here with Beta today who is going to be talking about the Adobe Innovation Grant and she's going to be , explaining all about the design for change competition. So before we jump in, I'd like to make an acknowledgement of country. We respectfully acknowledge the Warjury people of the Coolin Nation who are the traditional owners on the land on which Swimburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east. And we pay our respect to their elders past, present, and emerging. We also acknowledge and pay respect to traditional owners of lands all across Australia, their elders, ancestors, cultures, and heritage. And we acknowledge that sovereignty was never seated. Okay, so you might already be aware that Swimburn is Australia's very first Adobe Creative Campus, which means that as a Swimburn student or staff member, you get access to the entire Adobe Creative Cloud entirely for free. So all you have to do is log in with your Swimburn email and your Swimburn password and then you'll be able to access the whole Creative Cloud. So before we get started, if you can make sure that you have the Adobe Rush program installed, there's a desktop version and there's also a version for a tablet or for a phone. So you can use whichever one makes the most sense to you. They all have the same features. So just whatever device you've got on hand, you'll be able to use today. We run workshops all throughout the year just like this one. We've got one-on-one tutorials available if you need some extra support and we have a whole bunch of resources which I'll send out as well after this session. So if you if you want some more support after this workshop, please do feel free to get in touch. Today we're going to be covering as I mentioned the intro to Adobe Rush. We're going to look at how we can import our videos and our images to start editing. We'll look at how we can add titles, transitions, put some voiceovers in some music, and then finally how we can share our work with the world. So before we start, please do make sure that you've got Rush installed and that you're signed in with your student ID. , there's some workshop assets that I'm going to be using today. So, if you'd like to follow along, , I'll pop the link to those in the chat or you can just head to that link up there, the Bitly link. , and they'll be the exact same ones that I'm using today, so you can follow along with me. , if you've got any questions, , just, , pop that in the chat and we'll have a look and see what we can do. And if you can, please do follow along with us today. , I promise that you'll learn a lot more by, , working along with me today rather than listening to me talk at you for an hour. So please do if you can follow along and remember to have some fun. So I will pass over to Vita now and then we will jump into it. >> Thank you so much Julia. So I guess I would like to also acknowledge to the traditional owner of the lands where we can see some of the Malaysian students from Saraveex and our colleague Irene is here. So we pay our respects and we acknowledge the traditional owner of the lands that they are actually using to meet us today. So I guess with this introduction that Julia provided, I just want to touch base on what is the opportunity for you if you are doing this for your you know this is something that you would like to learn regardless of any assessment in the units. You might think that in future you might need to create an inspiring video to participate in the conferences we all are experienc. So there are a lot of application why you are spending this one hour today and I hope that is you find it useful. But one of the opportunity for you is I know that you in the science degree any of the and this is open to all the swim students here in Australia and Malaysia that they can compete by creating 4minut video on their STEM idea with the social impact. So we are going ahead with the workshop which is the Adobe rush for you as an option to use for recording your video. We also this is aligned with the start talking 2022 which is a STEM public speaking competition at Swimburn. Again it's open to all the students. So this is workshop two where you are going to have a storytelling video by Adobe Rush. And this is a video that I would like to show you to remember. Maybe you watch this video, but it's about 1 minute to remind you about the outline of the start talking competition. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication of a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. >> Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is the place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. All right. So with this I come up with to the end of the slides which is an overview of what we have done. So we are in we have done the workshop one. So this is the workshop two which is going to be presented by Julia and then you need to submit the outline of your talking point. So your STEM idea with the social impact during week seven and eight so I guess anytime during that those weeks it's okay because the if you need more help from the Adobe coaches that is going to be offered during week nine and then this is according to our schedule in Australia for Malaysian students please be in contact with myself and Irene. And the live showcase is on 13th of October at 4:30 p. M. So you the winners are going to receive 400 bucks if they this is a judges choice and also we have a people's choice with 100 bucks. So you only need to submit a 4m minute video of your STEM idea with the social impact by Monday 10th of October. Okay. So I think that is about what I wanted to share and I pass to Julia to take us through the Adobe Rush. Thank you Julia. >> No worries. Thanks so much for that VA. Okay. So if everyone can please open up Adobe Rush. I hope you've all managed to log in. All right. , if not, let me know and I'll be able to walk you through that. So, once you first open up Brush, this is what you'll see. , if you've never used it before, you won't have any , recent projects. , I've used this program a couple of times, so I will have some projects here, which you can see. , but if you've never used it before, these won't be there. So, what we're going to do is just head over and create a new project to start from. So, it's this blue button over here on the left. , and then once we click on that, , we'll see this screen where we can navigate through our files and choose the ones that we want to import. So, you'll be able to see over here that I've got my desktop, my documents, , all kinds of files over here. , and I've also got this , favorites option down here. So, I've already set this folder to be my favorites. , and to do that, we just click this little star up here, and then that will make sure that it's stuck down here in these , this section. So, I have all my assets here. , now we need to ask Rush to bring those in for us. So, to do that, we're just going to go through and click on each one. And you'll see that as I'm clicking on them, , we're having these numbers appear. So, we're going to get a blue highlight to show that it's selected. , and the numbers here are the order that they're going to import. Don't worry too much about this. , if you're not sure what order you want your cuts in, , if you're not, you know, if you're not got anything set in stone just yet, don't worry. We could always change it later. , but this can be helpful if you know, okay, I really want this one to be my first clip in this sequence, or, you know, I really want this one to be at the end. , but if you don't, don't worry. , we'll I'll show you how you can rearrange things in just a moment. So, you'll notice that I haven't selected this last clip here. , I'm going to show you how we can import this one once we're actually in the program. So, we've got these first five selected and we can come down to the bottom here and click create. >> And Julia, because you already have this video in the program when you open it for students that they are going to create this 4 minute video when they create the video, so they need to import in the Adobe Rush. >> Yes. So, you'll be able to upload your videos to your computer. So, if you've got videos you've recorded on a phone or you know with your computer's webcam, just save those anywhere on your computer and then you'll be able to find those in the navigation screen and import those in. So, this is Adobe Rush. Welcome. If you've never used this before and you're thinking, "Oh my gosh, there's so many buttons. " Don't worry, I'm going to explain them all and I promise that it's a lot more simple than it looks. So, what we have the main thing here is our playback video. So, if you've ever, you know, watched a YouTube video and you've, you know, sort of scrolled through, , that's exactly the same as here. We'll be able to see where we're looking, , in the video. Down here, we have our timeline. So, we can see that we have all of our different clips imported. , and by clicking on each of those in turn, I can select them. , and as I'm clicking, this blue line here is going to follow along with where I'm clicking to. , and that's just going to correlate to what we're seeing up in this menu view over here. So, we can also use this to scroll through. And that's just like a YouTube video. If you've , you know, scrubbed through a video, then this is exactly the same thing. , we have these buttons here, which we can use to , play back our video. So, this one here, I'm sure you're all familiar with, we can play and pause. , this one is going to go backwards one frame, and this one is going to go forwards one frame. , so if you're doing any really detailed editing, we can use those to get to the exact frame count that we need. , and this one here and this one here are going to go to the ends and the beginnings of each new clip. We can use that to move in between our clips. We can change our the aspect ratio of our video. So that just means the size and the proportions. , in general, we want to stick with 16 by9. But if you were making a video for a phone, for example, we could change that to 9 by6. , or you know, if we needed a square video. , and this is going to take a little bit to load. , we can use a one:1 for a square video. , I'm going to keep mine on 16 by9 because that's kind of standard video format that you're going to see on, you know, your computer screens. , but obviously you can change that to whatever you need. So over here we have some of our editing tools. I will run through all of these in much more detail later on. But the thing that I want to demonstrate now is that if you hover your mouse over each button, you'll be able to see a little preview of what that tool actually does. So if you ever get lost and you're thinking, "Oh, I can't remember what this button does or what this menu is. " just hover your mouse and you'll get a little popup with some information about it. Down here we have some more editing options. The most important one is this one down here which says control tracks. So this is going to give us access to our layers. So we'll be able to put videos on top of each other which is handy if you want to show two videos at once. And this also gives us access to our audio track. So I'm just going to turn that off for now so that we can have a bit more of a view of what we're seeing up here. , but this button down there is how you can turn that on and off. , we have the audio tabs here as well. , and we also have some, , scissors tools, duplicate tools, and rubbish tools. , and I'll run through all of those in just a moment as well. So, I mentioned earlier that I was going to show you how to import your , your videos once you're actually in the program. So, let's run through that quickly. Now up here we have this blue plus button that says add a media. So we're going to click on that one and we'll have this little popup. And so we have four options of the kind of media that we can add. To bring in a new photo or video, we're going to go to your media. And then that's just going to bring up the last folder that we were in. We can go back and look through our you know our computer system again. , but I'm just going to head back down to my favorites and I'm going to bring in this last one here that we didn't import before. , so I'll just select it and then I will go to the add button down here. There we go. Now that one has been brought in. All right. So, now that we have all of our clips in, , we're going to imagine that these are all of the videos that we want for our , project. And now we can actually jump in and start editing them. So, the first thing that we might want to do is start rearranging things. So, I have at the end here this photo of a bee. So, maybe I want this to be my title screen. So, once people start watching this video, I want them to see this photo. And we can put a title on it. Maybe right now is at the very end. So, we want to bring it right to the start. So, I'm just going to click on it to select it. And we can tell that it's selected because we have this little orange border around it. And then I'm just going to click and drag and I'm going to move it right to the beginning. And you'll see that as I'm moving things around, it's going to sort of snap to in between. So I can't put it in the middle of a clip. But we can put it at the ends or the beginnings. And it's just going to sort of slot in nicely and it's going to move everything around so that it's going to keep it all organized for us. So now that we have this clip at the start here, we can play through it and we can see that it's a little bit too short. So maybe for my title screen, I want it to go for about 5 seconds. We have two ways that we can change the length of a track. The first thing that we can do is go to this speed panel down here. So it's the one that looks like a little stopwatch. And we can open this one up. And we'll have some options here to edit the duration and the speed. So with the clip selected, remember we've got this orange highlight to show that we've got it selected. We can see that this clip is currently 2 seconds and 14 frames long. So I'm just going to go right ahead and change that to 5 seconds and 0 frames. And you'll see that this has just extended that photo out. But because this is a photo, we can extend it to however long we want. , but for a video, obviously, we can't make more of this video that doesn't exist. , but we can make it shorter. So, we could say that maybe we just want this clip to go for 10 seconds. And you'll see that has then cut it down. I'm going to undo that using the shortcut control zed. If you're on a Mac, that will be command z. We also have these undo and redo buttons up here. , the other way that we can change the length of a track is by hovering our mouse over the end. , and you'll see that the cursor has turned into this little yellow bracket with an arrow. Once we have that, we can then just drag that in and we'll be able to change the length of the clip. , the other thing that we can do in this speed panel is change the actual playback speed. So, we can make things slow motion. We can make things super fast. So, maybe we want this to be in slow motion. So, we can drag this slider back. And then if we play that through once it starts to load. Okay, that's having a little bit of trouble with the playback, but you'll see that this has become extended, and that just means that it's going to be in slow motion. So, I'm just going to bring that in to save my poor laptop's CPU. So, we'll just have a little bit of a shorter clip there, but that's all right. So, that is the speed panel. That's how we can change the length of our clips to get things exactly the length that we want. And now, let's go back to creating our title page. So, we have our nice background image of this bee. , so we want to start adding a graphic. We want to introduce people to this video and tell them what actually they're watching so that people know, okay, this video is going to be about bees and honey in my case. In your case, it's going to be about your wonderful science pictures and your talking points. U but for this video and just for the sake of demonstration, our video is going to be about bees and honey. So, what we can do is start adding some graphics to introduce our video. So, we can come over to this top button up here. And this is the graphics tab. It's going to take a little bit to load, but it'll get there eventually. There we go. And we have this button here that says add a graphic. So, we can click on that, and that's going to open up this panel over on the right hand side. And we'll be able to see that we have all these nice transitions, we have titles, and we have some overlays. , so that's the really nice thing about Rush that I find is that you don't have to be an animator, you don't have to be a graphic designer. , it's got all of these really nice preset templates that you can use to add with your video. , but it's nice because you can also edit them to make them work for you. So, I'll show you how we can do that. I'm going to go into titles and I'm going to search for, let's say, yellow. , we're looking at honey here, so we'll h go with something yellow to fit the theme. , I think this one looks all right. We've got this sort of brushstroke title. So, I'm just going to select that and I'm going to click add. And of course, you can choose whichever title you like, whichever one fits your video. , I encourage you to, you know, have a play and have a look around and see which ones you like. So, I'm just going to close this up for now so we can actually have a bit more of a view of what we're looking at. And we can see that as we're playing this, it's going to sort of swipe across and then it'll stay on the screen for a minute and then it will swipe backwards at the end. , and I'm sorry if it's a little bit jittery with the playback there, but I hope that you can sort of understand what it's looking like. , what we have here is that this clip is , a little bit sort of forward. So, we're just going to grab this and we're going to move it back. And you might notice that it's not on the same timeline as the rest of my clips. It's actually above it. So, if we just open up control tracks again, that's this button down here. We'll see that we now have two separate timelines. So, this one down here has all of my clips and videos on, and this one up here now has the title. If I were to move this underneath, , we wouldn't be able to, , see the title because we would have things over the top. So, if I was to, for example, grab this and put that on top, , it's going to hide everything that's underneath. And that might be a little bit tricky to see, but, , in this little preview here, we can see that because this is on top, it's hiding everything that's under. So, I'm just going to undo that. , and I might just delete this clip so that we have a little bit more space here. , so we have our title. We've got our nice little title page, but it doesn't say what we want it to say. , currently this is talking about a vlog channel , which is not what our video is about. So, we can jump back into the , graphics tab over here. And because I have this clip selected, we can see that I have all of the different elements here that are included in this in this preset. So, we've got this text that says your blog channel. So, I want to change that. I'm just going to select it and hit backspace. And then I'll be able to type my own title in. So, we're going to call this Honey. There we go. I can change the font. So maybe this sort of marker font isn't quite what I'm looking for. , let's go with this one instead. So then we can see that we're already starting to make this look a little bit more how we want it to. I'm not a super big fan of this purple color here. So I might change that to just a sort of simple black. So we have this text color here. And we can see that it's set to this purple. We can just click on this and it's going to open up a new window. , and we can just drag that over to black or to whatever color you like. And we'll hit okay. And then that will update for us as well. So, that already looks a bit nicer, I think. , we don't have that sort of purple that's contrasting really heavily. , the last thing I'm going to do with the text is just delete this second line. , I don't really need a tagline for this video. Oops, I didn't mean to move that across. , I don't need a tagline for this video. , so I'm just going to go right ahead and delete that. , and you'll be able to bring that back because that layer is still there in the graphics tab. , but for now I'm just going to leave that empty because I don't need that one for now. So now that we have our title sort of looking how we want, , it's sort of this nice sort of brush stroke that's going to come across and then disappear. , but it's kind of blending in with this flower in the background here. It's making it a little bit sort of hard to see where the brush stroke ends and where the flower begins. So to contrast with that, we might go into our brush stroke under the shape here and we can add a shadow. So that's the nice thing about the brush presets is that you can always change things as you like. We could change the color of this. We could give it an outline. There's a few options here, but I'm just going to turn on this little shadow option. And then we can change the opacity. So maybe we can make it a bit darker. , and we can change the blur as well. So that's just going to make it a little bit more or less blurry depending on which way you slide that slider. And we can already see that's made a big difference. Now we have a bit more contrast between the title and the backdrop there. So we can sort of see a bit better what we're looking at. The last thing that I'm going to do with this title here is just make sure that it's the same length as the photo of the bee underneath. So, we can see, and what I'll do is down here in this little this little bar at the bottom, we have this gray line with some circles on the end. We can use this to zoom in and out of our clip. So, if I'm shrinking this line, I'm zooming in. And if I'm stretching this line, I'm zooming out. , so zooming in can be handy if you want to do some more detailed editing. , and zooming out can be handy if you want to just get a big overview of your entire video as a whole. So, for now, I'm just going to zoom in. There we go. And now I can hover my mouse over the end of this bee's graphic. And I'm just going to drag that in. And you'll see that it's snapping to the point where the video underneath it ends. So I can drag it out and then I can drag it back and it's going to snap to the end of the clip underneath. Which is really handy. You don't need to worry about, you know, getting exact frame counts right. It just does it automatically for you, which is nice. And of course, we can make it shorter as well if we wanted to. We don't have to have it exactly on the end, but it will do that nice little snap to make sure that if that is what you want, you can get it exactly the same length. So, we had a very brief look at these tools over here before. Let's go into those in a bit more detail. So, I have this clip here, and it's quite a long one. We can see that it's quite a long clip. What I might like to do is just cut out a certain section of it. So maybe I just want from this point to say about here. What we can do is either grab the ends and drag them in. Or we can use the scissors tool. So what this is going to do is split the clip at the point that we've set. So we've got our little play head here and I'm going to say that I want to start my clip here. I can just click on this scissors tool or I can use the keyboard shortcut S. And that's going to separate the clips into two. So, you'll see that as I'm clicking on each one, they're now two separate pieces. So, what that means is that if I wanted to, I could drag this piece around, , I could, you know, put it at a different spot. So, that can be handy if you want to, you know, cut away to a different video in between. Or if I don't want this part anymore, I can just use the little bin icon down here and delete it. Or you can use the delete button on your keyboard. The duplicate clips tab is pretty self-explanatory. , I'm sure you'll be able to guess what this one does. , but if we want to, we can, , hit this button and it's just going to create an exact copy of the clip. , so that can be handy if, , you're not sure what the edit you want is. , you can make an extra copy of that clip. , and then you can do your edit on one and know that you've still got the other one there. , you don't have to do that because we can always go back and reimport things into , your Rush file if you like. , but that is an option there if you just want to have an extra version. , yeah. So, those are the scissors duplicate and delete tools over there. And that's how we can start doing some simple chopping and changing of our clips. The next thing that we're going to look at is how we can have multiple videos playing at the same time. So, this can be really helpful if you have maybe a diagram or you've got a demonstration of, you know, a product or something and you want to have a video of you maybe giving an explanation of it playing at the same time. So, the way that we can do this is by grabbing our second clip and we're going to say that we want this one to be over the top of the one on the bottom. We can drag that up onto the layer above. So, now it's on the same layer that our title graphic is on. So, we had a look before at how because this is on top, it's going to cover everything that's underneath. So, what we can do to make them show at the same time is just resize this and make it a bit smaller. So, we're going to come to this bottom button here over on the right hand side. And this is the crop and rotate tab. So, we're going to open this one up. And we have all these options that we can use to change the position and the size of our video. So down here we have some crop tools. So I can start cropping in this video. And you can see that it's going to have this sort of split screen effect. So we can do the top, we can do the bottom, and we can do the sides. , that's helpful in some situations, but in other situations, we might want to just make the whole video scale down instead of cropping. So, to do that, we're going to use the scale tools down here. So, we can change the width and the height. And because I have this maintain proportions button checked on, , it's going to scale it all at the same time. If I turn this off, we can then change them separately. , and as I'm doing that, we can see that it's kind of stretching out this video. , and we can sort of squish it in as well. So, in general, , use that with caution. Most of the time, you're not going to want to, , change things in that way. We want to keep the proportions maintained just because you know you'll start to get that sort of weird distortion effect. So for the most part we want to just keep maintain proportions on and then we can just make that whatever size that we like. So once we're happy with the size of it we can see that it's not quite in the right position. It's sort of mbang in the middle which might not be what we like if we're trying to demonstrate something underneath. So, we can come up to the top and use the position tools to change that around. So, we can start using these sliders to push it to whichever side we want. And maybe I just want this in the bottom left corner. So, we'll just position that as we like. There we go. That'll do. And so we can imagine that if this was a video of me talking and then this one here was an infographic or a diagram or something, we could have those both playing at the same time with an explanation. The other thing that we can do with this panel here is use some reflection tools. So we can do a horizontal flip. So sometimes that one's nice if you're not used to videoing yourself and it doesn't sort of look right if you maybe flip it the other way. It can be a little bit more what your brain recognizes. That's sort of, you know, the mirror reflection that you'll see more often. So, you can use those ones if you like. We also have a vertical flip which is going to do the same thing but upside down. I've never used that one, but maybe you'll need it. It's there if you want it. So, that's just in the transform tab. Yeah, so those are the options that we have there for having multiple videos. , we can have as many videos as we want playing at the same time. So, we could put, you know, another one up on this layer, , and move it over into the other corner. We could have, you know, a split screen with four different videos, one in each corner. , it's really up to you how many, , how many you want to have on the screen at once. , just, you know, use a bit of caution. We don't want to overwhelm people's eyes when they're watching our video and have a million things playing at once. , that can start to get a bit overwhelming. So just keep it to I would say a maximum of four videos at a time. But yeah, that's how you can add multiple videos at the same time. Okay, any questions so far or are we all keeping up? All right, and please don't be afraid to ask questions. If there's something that I haven't covered or that I've rushed over too quickly, please do let me know and I'll be more than happy to cover it again. Julia, I just wanted to make a comment here that was very good property of Adobe Rush where students wants to because we're talking about public speaking and we want students to show their you know capability of talking their body language and also they presenting some technology or device or some graph or something. So that would be very you know a great properties of the Adobe rush which can combine this and visualize it for the purpose of inspiring and engaging with the audience. Thank you for sharing with us. >> No worries. A pleasure. Yeah, that's that's one of the most useful features I find is being able to have multiple things showing at once. So yeah, and this is being recorded as well, so if you're if I've gone too quickly, you'll be able to watch it back and go through it again as well. So don't worry. We have plenty of tutorials as well. So yeah, that's how we can add multiple videos. So let's move on to adding some sound. Once we have our video all edited how we want, let's say that this is how we want our video to look. We've got our sequence in order. We've got our titles and everything set up. Now we want to start adding some voice over maybe. So we're going to come back over here to the add media panel. It's just this blue button, , blue plus button over on the left, and we can go down to the voice over section. So, I'm going to click on that one, and it's going to open up my audio panels down the bottom. So, these work in the same way as the video timelines up above, except they're used for sound instead. So, we have this red little button here, and that's going to let me record some voice over. You can absolutely record your voice over in a different program if you like. So maybe you want to record it on your phone and then just import them in. That's totally fine. And you know, you can absolutely do that and you can import that the same way as we imported the videos before. But if you want, you can record directly into Rash and edit it here. So I'm going to show you how to do that now. We can click on this little button and it'll give us a countdown and then we can start recording. Bees are a vital part of a healthy ecosystem. There we go. Just a little voice over. I'm sure yours will be much more in-depth than mine was. , to stop recording, I just click that little button again. , and then that will hopefully load in just a moment. Otherwise, we can record it again. Okay, let's maybe try that again. Bees are a vital part of a healthy ecosystem. Okay. Well, I'm not sure why that's not loading in at the moment. My apologies. I'm not sure what's going on there. I think my poor laptop is just having a bit of trouble today. But that is how you would bring in your voiceovers if you wanted. You can then use the sound editing tools which I'll show you in just a sec. But in general you would record your voice over. It would appear in the same way as the clips do here. And then you'll be able to you know drag the ends to change if you've got you know a click or something at the end. If you did a bad take in the middle you can use the scissors tool to just cut that part out. Yeah I'm sorry that I can't show you that. I'm not sure why that didn't quite work. I think it's just my laptop struggling. , but what I will show you next is how you can import some music, for example. , so this can just make your video feel a little bit more lively. , and it can give a different mood depending on the kind of music that you choose. So, we'll head back up to the add media panel and we'll go to the audio section. So, now we have a similar kind of popup to the graphics section that we had before except this time we have some soundtracks. We've got sound effects. , we've got looping music if you've got a sort of longer video as well. , and the really nice thing about Rush is that all of this is free to use. So, you don't have to worry about crediting. You don't have to, you know, do your bibliographies and everything like that. , it's all free to use and it's all pre-licicensed. So, you can use whichever one you like. , it makes it easy to search as well. So, I am just going to search for happy for example. , we'll do a sort of simple happy music. Let's try this one. We can use W to play it. Yeah, I think that's okay. I hope you could hear that. If not, that's that's okay. You'll you'll be able to play them on your own devices and have a listen and see which one you like. So, the same as we did before, we're just going to select the one that we want and we're going to use the add button to bring it in. There we go. That one has worked. So now we can see that it's brought it in on our track down here. I'm just going to grab it and move it right to the start. So that we're going to have the music playing from the very beginning. We go. I'll close up this panel now. And so now we can start using some of the audio options to start changing things around if we like. So, we have this little button over here, which is the sound tab. We can open that one up. And we now have a whole bunch of options here. We can change the volume of the clip by using this slider. We can make it really loud or really quiet. , that one's handy. If you've brought in like a voice over or something, , and it's, you know, maybe a bit too quiet, it didn't record quite right, you can just bump up the volume, , and sort of balance things out. We can mute a clip. So, if you know, you want to try it without the music, if you bring in a different u music, you can put it on a layer below and just mute the one above and you can try different things that way. We also have in the advanced options some different types of options here. So, we've got this one set to being music because we imported it from Russia's library. It's already said, "Yep, we know what this is. We know this is music. " but for example, we could set this to be a voice track. So, I'm sorry that I can't show you because my audio didn't record properly, but if we had our voice over brought in, we could set that to be a voice track and then we could turn on this autoduck feature in the music tab. So, what that will do if we switch that on, whenever there was a track above it that is identified as a voice track, so you just set the type to voice, it's going to automatically turn the volume of the music down while there's speaking happening. , so that's really handy because it means that you don't have to, you know, split the clip into pieces and change the volume manually. It's going to automatically say, "Okay, I can tell that someone's speaking here. " We're just going to bring down the volume of the music so that we can hear everything properly. And you can use this slider down here to change the amount that it's going to reduce by. So you could make it turn off completely or just make it really quiet. , and that's the that's the auto duck feature, which I find really handy. The other thing that we can do with the music tab is we can see this clip here with the beekeepers sort of in a field. This one already has some sound brought in. So if you had maybe filmed a video of something going on in the world and it had a soundtrack automatically you know maybe someone was speaking in this video it's going to import that sound with it. If we don't want that sound, we want to just have that clip be completely quiet, we can select it and use the mute button here. And then that's just going to say that we don't want that sound. We just want whatever we've brought in on the soundtracks below. Yeah. So those are the kind of basic tools that we can use to get our videos up and running. , we have a little bit extra time, so I'll just briefly run through some of the slightly more advanced options as well. , we have the effects tab up here. So, this one with a little sort of lightning bolt on. , and what this one can do is add some transitions in between and we can do some, you know, pan and zoom and refframes as well. , the transitions I find are really nice to just sort of bring a bit more interest to your video. , I will just say be cautious with how many you use. In general, we don't want to use a million different types of transitions because it can start to get a bit overwhelming and it can look a little bit, you know, ' 90s PowerPointy if we've got, you know, dissolves and zooms and pans and everything going on all at once. So, I would say maybe just pick one or two and stick with those throughout your video. So, let's maybe try a let's try a dissolve, I think. So, we can select our clip that we want to add a transition to. Then, we can choose the one we like. And it might be a little tricky to see, so I'll just zoom in quickly. We now have this little gray transition button here. , and we can click on this and we can edit it as well. So, we can change the duration through the slider up here, or we can just stretch it out in the same way as before. And then in the playback, we'll be able to see that we have this now sort of dissolve and this fade in between the two clips. So yeah, that's how we can add transitions to our videos. The last thing that I'm going to show you, which is another slightly more advanced option, is the color grading and filters tab. So that is this one here, which has the three little circles. If we open this up, we have a whole bunch of built-in presets. , this is the same thing as with the transitions. In general, we want to maybe stick to just one, maybe two. , otherwise it can, , start to look a little bit chaotic. , but if you've got a video that's maybe a little bit, you know, dark, we can, you know, bring up the, , the color and we can, , make it look a little bit more interesting. , so we can use the presets if you like. , you can change the intensity of them. , and you'll see that as I'm changing this slide, it's sort of bringing the presets up and down. , if you didn't want to use a preset and you just wanted to, , create your own sort of color effects, we can go to the edit tab here and then we have heaps of options. , I'm not going to go through all of these. , I encourage you to have a play in your own time if you're interested in this sort of thing. But in general we can you know make something brighter or darker with the exposure. We can change the contrast to make the dark parts darker and the light parts lighter. And we have some you know tint options and temperature options as well. So yeah have a play with those if you like if you're interested. There's heaps of options there. Yeah and if you need any help with that please feel free to book a session and we'll be able to walk you through all those options as well. , does anyone have any questions on any editing? , anything that we've covered so far before we go ahead and export this video? >> Julia, there is a question from Irene. >> Is there any specific format of video, audio, me, image files that could be used? I see the videos in the asset list are all in MP4 and image in GPEG. >> That's a great question, Irene. Thank you. , most formats will be fine. So, I've got, you know, my images are all JPEGs, but you could have a PNG or an SVG and that will work fine. , same thing with the videos. , in general, if you're recording your own videos, they'll automatically be in an MP4 format. , I think most, you know, most phones will sort of record in that format automatically. , but yeah, you can definitely bring in different file formats if you need to. , yeah, thank you. That's a great question. , all right, I will quickly run through. We've got another 10 minutes, so I'll show you how we can how we can export. , currently we've been using our edit tab. What we'll do now is head over here to the share tab. It looks a little bit different. So, we now have our options for how we actually want to save this video. So, we can give it a name. That's always important to do so we know what we're actually looking at once we've exported this into our folders. So, I'm just going to call this and I can use the save to option to just set wherever I want it to go. So, I'll just put it in this folder there. And then that's going to save it there. , if we open up the advanced settings dropdown, we have different options here. In general, , we're not going to need 4K ultra HD resolution, especially if you're going to be uploading this to Canvas or to the internet somewhere. , generally we'll bring it to 1080p is normally okay. , 720 if you need a smaller file size. , but yeah, having, you know, Ultra HD is going to make your files really big. And maybe if you, you know, if you need this to be super professional looking, that's what you need. Or if you, you know, you want to play this on a big screen, , then definitely go with that one. , but in general, if this is just to be shown online, , 1080p is going to be totally fine. , leave the frame rate at, , the automatic setting. You won't need to change that one, and you won't need to change the audio channels for the most part. The other option that we might want to have a look at is the quality. So high quality is obviously going to make it look a bit nicer, but it is going to make the file size bigger as well. So if you're finding that the file is taking a long time to upload or it's, you know, a really massive size file, you can bring the quality down to medium or low. And you'll lose a little bit of, you know, of the look of it, but it in general is going to be totally fine for showing on the web. , if you want, you can upload this directly to your Facebook by turning on this slider. You can, you know, set it directly to YouTube. , I've never used these. I don't know anyone who does, but those options are there if you want them. In general, I just save them to my computer and then you can upload them manually wherever you like. But if you wanted to directly upload them, , the options are there if you like. Once we have all of our settings there, we can then hit the export button. So, we can click on that and then it's going to render it out and make the files. So, I'm just going to cancel that because we don't need to let that sit for the entire time there. But yeah, that is Adobe Rush. Thank you so much for spending an hour of your time with me and learning today. If there's any more questions, please do let me know. , it's a really nice program because it's got a lot of features, but it's also pretty easy to learn. So, yeah, I hope that you've learned something today and yeah, if you've got any questions, please do feel free to get in touch. >> Thank you so much, Julia. So I guess I just want to remind the students that they're going to receive an email with the survey link and with the additional information about any tutorial useful tutorial about Adobe Rush along with the recording of this video. And again if you are interested if this is something that you're doing for your assessment so well done so you can improve your assessment but if this is something that you do for assessment you can always come up with an entry to the competition. So if you are looking for the your STEM idea with the social impact to be the entry to start talking 2022 so you need to just share your video the 4m minute video by 10th of October 2022 to my email. So for Sarak students you can communicate with Irene or myself directly. So there would be some this is in according to our trade like us our schedule our teaching schedule that is in the showcase it is in week 10. So we want the students to be ready about around week seven and eight with the talking point. You can receive the feedback and any additional you know training with our amazing Adobe coaches can be available during week nine when you already practice and you create your video. Please do not miss these opportunities. You never know. So you might be you might be requested to create your video for a conference presentation in future. It's not just about assessment. It's not about start talking. It's about us to actually you know professionally improve our skills. Thank you so much Julia. So I hope everyone you know learn something about this and you are welcome to watch the recording and practice at the same time. Thank you. Thank you so much everyone.