# VIDEO: Workshop 3: Storytelling with Express (2024) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-25

Yeah. So, hey guys. My name is Cat. I am part of the Swinburn Adobe Hub here at Hawthorne campus. We run the Adobe Hub on level three in the library with dropins 11:00 a. M. To 2:00 p. M. Tuesday to Thursdays. So today I was asked by beta to talk about storytelling using Adobe Express video where we will be covering how to use Adobe Express and you know tell a story with it. So I'm just going to acknowledge their country before we start. , we respectfully acknowledge the Ranger people of the culination who are the traditional owners of the land on which Spinburn's Australian campuses are located in Melbourne's east and outer east and pay our respect to the elders past, present, and emerging. We also acknowledge and respected the traditionals own traditional owners of lands across Australia, the elders ancestors, cultures and heritage. I'm going to pass it over to bita to talk a little bit more about the competition and then we can get into it. >> Thank you so much Kad and good afternoon to students coming from Australia and Sarowak to this training session for making the storytelling video by Adobe Express. So whether this is your assessment or whether this is you're willing to attend in our science communication start talking or whether this is you going to the conference. These days a lot of after co we had a lot of conferences and some of the awards is based on this video production. So you really want to professionally present yourself, present your idea, present your finding and to make it more sharp and short and inspiring to the points that you would like to share according to the rule bricks and the criteria of what you're going to use. So if I go with the next slide, I will explain the start talking. If you just take a and you know you use off your phone and access to this cure court that will take you to the event page at Swimburn here in Australia where we already cover workshop one and workshop two and this is workshop three which is a storytelling video production by Adobe Express. So the idea is and this is an annual event. So we are if you're interested if you're passionate about an idea it could be in any discipline. So this is open to all Swimburn students. So if you have an idea, you have a passion or you have a research that you would like to unpack that challenge and address a you know a real world challenge especially with the social impact in sustainability impact that means that you need to talk about it with considering this is going to have a broader audience. You're going to target the broader audience and you're targeting the community members public about the idea that you are going to share. So if you're interested you are going to submit your 4minut video by Monday 28th of October to my email address which I will add in the chat and you can find it in the swimburn website. And then if you are selected the finalists are going to be invited in the live showcase event which is on Thursday 31st of October at 5:00 p. M. So what is going to happen? You're coming and then you're going to present 4m minute video then that is going to be with a short Q&A the judges from here Swimburn from our industry partner and a member of community is going to be there so it's not a technical type of question it's more of the science communication and around the idea that you're going to share and then we have a judging choice price which is about 4 minute video with 400 bucks and people's choice we are going to run a cahoot you know questions during the time the judges are going to choose the judges winner and then the winner of that is going to also consider the people's choices so the audience are going to have a prize and the people choice is also going to receive a prize. So, everyone is going to be interacted. We have fun and it's going to be hopefully an informative session. So, with the next I think we talk about the evaluation at the end and I would like to pass to Cat. >> Awesome. Yeah, that sounds that sounds really cool. Yeah, so we're just going to be quickly going over the agenda to understand what we are going to be talking about. So at the end of this hopefully you should be able to su successfully navigate Adobe Express in order to make your storytelling video. Be able to I'm just going to move this be able to make be able to sorry be able to communicate your goal for visual graphics, animations, and narrative elements. So that's we're going to be covering transitions element animations and just videos in general. And how to publish your videos using three different methods. , I'm not sure what kind of export methods you're wanting beta. I don't know if you want like a link or an MP4, but we're going to be covering it most of them. So, that gives you the option to kind of choose. Yeah. So, the first step first of all is we want to log in on your creative cloud. Now that they're creative cloud, you need to make sure that you are logged in with your student ID. If you're not logged in with your student ID, you're going to run into trouble with licensing and you won't have Adobe Express available the way same way as someone with their student ID. So make sure you're using your student ID. Once you're logged in there, we can search up Adobe Express. Now, Adobe Express currently is a webbased application, which means that it autosaves for you. So, no need to worry about things like getting lost or anything. It's all saved on the web for you. So, when we click that, it'll open a browser up for us. Oh, yeah. It's opened it multiple times. I'm just going to close this. Just going to share my screen. Yep. Express. Cool. So, got that here. Now, this is your homepage. , the first thing you'll notice is there are some templates here for you and some things you can jump into. We've got social media things, videos, photos, documents. , we want to be focusing for this specific thing, we want to be focusing on video. , so we're going to look in down here. Yeah. So, these are some popular dimensions that you can select from. We're going to be going with the YouTube video because that is the most standard video resolution which is 1920x 1080p. When we click on this, it'll open a new template up for us which is blank. It's just a blank slate from the start. First thing we want to do is we rename our project at the top left here untitled with the date. We can name that storytelling video for example just like that and press enter and it should automatically save just like that. Now this is based on internet so if you don't have internet for some whatever reason you it will not sync with another device if that makes sense. So if you're on your laptop, you don't have internet, it won't be on your web browser on your computer. So you just have to make sure that you're you know lower syncing of the cloud. Yeah. Okay. So the first step we'll talk about is just some visual things. Down here at the bottom of your screen, you have what is called the timeline. Now the timeline is where you will see your footage up here as well as the audio that you will be adding. Some obvious things here is the cursor which is considered the scrubber. This scrubs over the timeline. You've got the time the length of the video which is 5 seconds just appear in the left corner here. You've got an arrow that comes up when you hover on either side of this scene, which means you can either make it shorter or longer like this by clicking down and dragging. You've got a button that says add scene, which means adding a scene. It just adds another blank scene like this. There is a plus button in between scenes. Down here. And when you click on that, it gives you the option to add a scene in between two scenes or add a transition. So, we're going to cover the transition in a second. All right. So, what we want to do first is we want to look at making an introduction scene for, you know, whatever story you want to tell. You want to make a title screen. So, we're going to go into templates and we're going to search up title screen. Just see what comes up. Awesome. So, let's see. I'm going to pick the top right one just so it's handy. And I wanna oh actually yeah I'm gonna add it as a page so that I can copy because I don't want to maybe I don't want to use everything from this. So I'm going to add it as a page which will let me allow me to copy elements from this onto my project. Say if you now you see this little arrow that comes up. This is So this is my project and this is the template that I want to look at. So I'm just going to have a look at it and see what it looks like. Okay, it's pretty nice. Kind of like that. See, I like the loi and I like the video. So I'm going to click on loi and shiftclick on the video. Control C or command C, not depending on what software so what device you're on, MacBook or Windows. And I'm going to Ctrl B and it will add it. Oh. , really weirdly. Oh, there's a Oh, it's over here. Okay. , if you click on it, it'll add it sort of. , there we go. Yeah, there we go. So, now I've got that in my scene. , if you want to upload your own video, you can do so by clicking media and uploading from the device. , you can upload pictures, , videos and audio that way. , yeah, cool. Now, you can see there are some things that are quite cool about this. There is a fading and a sort of movement to the text here. If we look at the video there are some options here that we can have a look at. There is animations. Animations help you sort of make your presentation look more professional because it shows that you spend time you know making it aesthetically pleasing to look at rather than kind of jumpy. If that makes sense. , let's have a look. All right. So, it's currently using a fading. So, it's using in, which means in is the start of the scene. This is how it appears first when it first comes visible. , now you can select the fade and the duration of the fade is currently 1 second. Now, I want the I want the fade to be a little slower. So I'm going to put this at 0. 5. Oh, a little faster. Sorry, at 0 to five. So now it comes it becomes more it becomes solid color faster than before. Now we've also got the loop in option. The loop in option means how it looks throughout the scene while it's currently just, you know, there. We've got the blinking. You can hover over these and it kind of shows you what it would look like. , most of these are used for when you are highlighting words that are important to you. For example, numbers that are important words that mean something in the in the moment, for example, or you're trying to highlight a picture or something like that. So, we can go over that in a second. So for the background, I won't use any loop methods because the I want the background to be still. Now the background I do need it to disappear at some point. So I'm going to put a fade out which looks like that. Yeah, I'm going to put a fade out on that. Sure. Now let's have a look at the lowfi chill text. Does that have any animations on it? Yep, it's got a rise animation on it. So, if we hover over that, should show us. I'm just going to remove it and then hover over it. Yeah, there you go. It's got a rise animation. Now, these animations have a little a few more options. They've got personality, which is sort of what's considered easing in and out, which is how fast the start of the animation is and how slow it is. So energetic would be quite abrupt sort of thing whereas soft is super slow and soft. Yeah, it makes sense when you go through them. You can also change the direction of them which is quite cool. So you can sort of make several things come out different, you know, corners and areas. So see, we could put that there. And I'm just pressing control or command C. And I'm going to put this one from this side. But then this one here, I'm going to make it come out from the other side. So now it kind of looks like this. >> There is a question. What if >> Oh yeah, sorry. >> Yeah. So one was about the audio which I don't share it yet but the other one is what do we if asking if I want to add some statistical data image on the video like I want to fade the background video and add an image. >> Okay. So >> yeah >> the chat sorry I will whatever want to add some down image on the video like I want to fade that background video and add an image. Yeah sure. So let me put this on the side here so I can see it while I'm doing this. So, , if you want to add an image on top of the background, if that's what you're asking, , you can select an image by either, you know, uploading your own image that you have or you can, , or you can, for this tutorial sake, I'm going to use an image from Adobe. So, these are all free to use for , students. , I'm just going to use this one. So, I like this one. So, I'm going to just drag it onto the scene that you want the image on, and I'll add it on top. Just like that. Now, if you're talking about statistical data images, , it I think it's the same deal. It has to be a JPEG or a PNG. If you want graphs that you want to you know mess around with in Adobe Express there are add-ons that you can look at. There is one called charts creator which makes charts for you if that's if that's what you're after. Yeah. So the it makes you can set between line area bar height. It's really interesting and you can change the colors and so on and then you can just you can even import it from Google Sheets and then you can insert that chart and it works like an image pretty much. So hopefully that answered your question. >> yeah, >> thank you Cat. That was useful. >> That's so good. That's so good. Awesome. Yeah. So these text and images they're all called they're all considered elements. And all these elements you can add effects, adjustments and animations. So you have completely freedom over how you want them to look on the page. Say yeah. As well as with images. Say you have a chart and you don't want the background to show. I'm just going to insert a chart here. Oh, it's already got no background. Perfect. That's amazing. Say you have an image with a white background, but you don't want the white background. Recently Adobe Express has added a remove background option which enables you to do so. , you just kind of select the image you want the remove the background in and click remove background. It actually remove the entire background. That's quite impressive. , yeah. So now we just have a little guy running at the bottom there. That's amazing. >> Where did you find the remove background item which is listed there? >> Yeah. So you just make sure you select the image you want to remove the background from and then it should pop up on the left hand side all the way at the top left. Yep. >> Okay. >> Yep. If it for some reason doesn't show just make sure you have the image selected otherwise it won't show the right things. And if you want to have a plain, let's say white background to add your let's say your graph. >> Mhm. >> That's also a possibility. >> Well, yeah. So, if you want to if you want to now say you have this guy running and you want to add a white background to it, the best way to do that is just to use one of the elements. So elements is icons, shapes, design assets, sort of abstract backgrounds and such. So if we use the little arrow here, top left, we go over to shapes, we just add a white, you know, white box behind the graph, for example. , now, , something that I, , forgot to mention. , on the side here, I'm just going to close this. Here on the side to the right, we have a sort of, , an outline of our layers. So, these are considered layers. , so how it works is the background, whatever is all the way in the back is always at the bottom of that vertical line. Whatever is at the top is all the way at the front. So, I want this background to be behind my chart, for example. So, I'm going to move my chart by just clicking and dragging and moving it over the over the like this. Yeah. Now, it is another way to do this. You can right click on the image and send backwards or forwards. As well. So for example, this one you can send it backwards or forward. Front is ultimately the front and back is the ultimate back. Yeah, and then once you're happy with that, you're like, okay, I want this like this, but you don't want to keep moving them separately. What you can do is you click on the box or the background, shiftclick on your chart, right click and group. Or you can group up here as well. So now you can just move it around and it's one thing like that. Got a little child at the bottom. Yeah. Okay. Another thing that is really helpful with storytelling is timing. So, being able to time your elements correctly while you're having a conversation about something. So, once we once you've added the video audio, which I'll cover in a second, say you're talking about something over here and then something else over here, but you don't want your graph to come up all the way from the start because it doesn't it's not relevant to what you're talking about. So, what we can do is click your graph and actually time it with your audio. So, I'm going to just trim it from the side and move it to where we want the graph to appear. So, nothing here. And then it'll appear over here. And then you can play around with how you want the image, the graph to come in. For example, so I want it to drift in. And while I'm talking, I kind of want it to bob around a little bit so people pay attention to it. And then you can fade it back out. So it kind of look like something like this. It's pretty goofy, but yeah, it's like it's pretty it's not long enough, but you can just move it and it automatically adjusts the animation for you. There we go. Like that. And it goes back out. Nice. Yeah. All right. , next we'll quickly Yep. We'll talk about the audio. Actually, might as well jump just jump into the audio real quick. , because of because Adobe Express is quite visually advanced rather than audio advanced. It only allows you to add one track at a time. So I would suggest recording yourself if you have a recording of yourself at all talking. I would suggest uploading the video with the audio of you talking in one file. So, one MP4 file so that you can later on add audio like background audio such as, you know, like funky background music. It kind of makes it nice and relaxing to watch what you're doing or exciting to watch what you're doing, whatever you the feeling you want to go for. Yeah, because unfortunately Adobe Express does not allow multiple MP3 files in the same scene. So to add an audio, we just go at the bottom of our timeline here and click add audio. Now you have the option to choose some of the Adobe stock audios here. There's quite a lot of them as well as you can find some more online. Or you can upload from your own device as well. There's also an option to record voiceovers. I've never personally used it. I would recommend using your laptop because I'm not sure how well this does to be honest. I don't know the quality of it. There is also an option to animate characters. So if you have an MP3 file of you talking, you can actually upload the file to here as well. And they're quite cute. Or you can record straight into this as well. It's quite cool. >> >> so the question was about how for the audio can we add AI voice instead of our real voice. So this animated character is the one that is actually adding the character but it can be captured just the voice. So the how the characters work is you can either use your own voice and record straight into the into the characters using the record button down here or you can use a third party app and sort of let an AI voice speak what you've written down, download the file and then upload it and the puppet will talk it. I'm not sure what the you know if you allow AI or not to be used but that's how that's how you would do it. You would yeah you would get an AI to talk you know third party download it and then upload it to the animated character and it would >> so that AI without using the animate character y >> for the audio produced by AI that is an separate option or we need to do it separately and you know upload it here. >> Yeah. So, , Adobe Express does have add-ons options with a AI voices, but they're quite restrictive, as in they have a certain word count. So, , like I think it was 100 word 100 word count. It's not a lot. , so I would re I would recommend going online and searching up separate browser sort of third party browsers that have the ability to, you know, have 500 words plus to kind of copy paste your text into and there you can download the MP3 of the AI talking and upload it to Adobe Express in the media tab here. I think for the purpose of our assessment and for the purpose of the competition, we would like our students to actually personalize their video with their own voice. >> So whether you having the recording of your voice and then you upload it from the video. So you that can come with your face and the audio and then that can be you know once you upload your video here then as cat mentioned you can add some you know maybe we do you have any of these process cat that you would like to share with us. So I mean two video on top of each other something like >> like I'm talking and then with my background I have a for example a prototype >> doing a working that type of >> activity. Thank you. >> Yeah. So how it how it would go is you would upload your video that you want to show from your prototype for example. , for the purpose of this now, I'm just going to use a video from Adobe Express. So, I'm going to have someone kind of working in the background. So, clicking and dragging onto my scene here like this. So, I'm I have someone working, but I also want to put an image or a video of me sort of in the bottom or have an audio talking over the video. So, what we can do again is make sure we're on the right scene. So, clicking on the scene down here, media, and we're going to have I'm going to search up someone talking and then kind of That's funny. We can click and drag it on top of that and you can scale it down. Oh. Oh, I've replaced it. Oops. Okay, you can replace things. I'm going to just control Z it so it goes back to the other video. I'm just going to make sure that I'm kind of not replacing it. You just got to be quick with it. Otherwise, it replaces it automatically. Yeah, just click and drag and drop it straight away otherwise it replaces the background. So, yeah. Click and drag and you can transform it using the outside square there. And we can move that to the bottom here. So now these are going this is going on like this. I'm just going to make it a little longer. There we go. Like that. And say you have an audio of you talking over this for example. You can add that by adding audio upload from device if you have an MP3 file or you can add No. What's a nice Oh, that's weird. I'll just do this. Like that. And you can cut it down to that area like that using the little mouse, the little arrow that comes up on the side. So like this. That's actually background noise. That was kind of cool. So yeah, that's how you >> We didn't hear because I think you didn't share the audio with us. >> Oh, the Yeah, the audio is quite quiet anyway. It's quite difficult to hear. >> let me see if I can >> share a sound. Oh yeah, there we go. Sorry. It's kind of just like people talking in background. It's cool. But that's how it would sound like. , I'll see if I can find a different example. Maybe , let's get rid of this. Yeah. Birds in the park. No. Ride home. Yeah. So, I'll just show you. Oh, wait a minute. That's interesting. It's actually added multiple added multiple layers to it. >> I'm just Yeah, sorry. Yeah. >> So, I'm just asking because your case is moving very fast and I'm trying to just capture your mouse so that the layer is the audio is coming down to your screen like the where you see the video. >> Yeah, it's quite interesting. I haven't seen this I haven't seen Adobe Express do this before, but so it looks like you can actually yeah layer the audio. So, if you have two different audio files, you can actually layer them now. , it must have been quite recently added because I did a workshop last week and it wasn't working. Although I thought it would work. So, , it looks like you can add two separate audio files to your, , kind of stacked on top of each other. , so you can actually have yourself talking as an MP3 file , as well as background noise separately. So, , for example, here I've got a MP3 file that is, , I think it's like a song, , and I've got people talking on this file here. So, they're actually stacked on top of each other like that. But, say you don't I don't know if you could hear that, , but it's kind of like a guitar strum. , if you click on that and it's too loud, you can turn it down on the left hand side. So this is kind of your like editing panel on the left. And you can add a fade as well. >> a lot of times the videos submitted to me it's a good quality of video but with the audio students the music background is louder than their voice. So it's very annoying. So make sure that and if you can please repeat that how they can reduce the it's good to have a you know a music background but it shouldn't be louder than your voice. >> Yeah. Yeah. So if you feel like a rule of thumb is that kind of like would your would your grandma be able to hear you? That's like it's like a test for any sort of like video. So if you play it and you feel like you she won't be able to understand what you're talking about, then I think it's a really good idea to kind of turn the music back down. So what you want to do is you click on the audio that you want to turn down and on the left hand side there will be a volume button and you can turn it down to whatever you feel like will suffice. And it's always good to have an in andout fade. Because it just sounds nicer than abrupt stopping. So let's see. I'm just going to click on my audio down here. And I've got it I'll do 20%. And I'm going to add a fade in and out. So yeah, you can adjust it while it's playing too. So you can kind of you kind of you know like get a feel of what it would sound like. Yeah. The audio cuts off automatically when there is no scene left over. So make sure that if you want more a more of the audio, you just have to make your scene longer like that. Yeah. Yeah. What I'll do real quick is I'll go back to the transitions between scenes. It's pretty self-explanatory. When you click transitions, it'll come up with some options here and you can hover over them and it kind of shows you. We're just going to go with I think this one's quite nice. Yeah. So there. But yeah, if you do if you don't want the audio to go all the way to the next scene again, you can just click and drag it and move it to where you want it to stop and it'll stop right there like that. So it kind of fades out, which is quite nice. , same with this audio. I'm just going to turn it up a little bit so that you can hear it. And it's just people talking. Yeah. Yeah. , cool. I'm going to go over text as well real quick because text is just like images, just like videos instead of media. However, it's under text. So, you can add text or you can search for presets down at bottom here. If you click add text, it'll come up like a text box just like Word for example. And you can put your title or script or whatever you feel like you want to put in here. And you can change the fonts on the left. You can change how like bold, light, so on, just like words. Pretty straightforward. You've got text layouts, text flow. I think this has to do with sort of I think it's the how it comes out. That's not I think it's don't think I've ever used this before. This is weird. Yeah, text layout is like you know like in a circle for example or in a half circle bow and so on. It's quite neat, but I think that stuff is more used for you know like quirky stuff. Yeah, now with the text, just like any other elements, you've got your effects down here, animation, shape, which means kind of like the fill of it, as well as some cool little decorative stuff you can add like speech bubbles, little ribbons. I'm just going to put that in the middle. Little ribbons. What else? You've got arrows and such. Quite neat. Makes it look quite nice. Now to sort of adjust these, you can again press the adjustment bars on the left hand there. And yeah, you can make them bigger as opacity, the fill of it and so on. It's quite cool. Okay, just like that. So if for example the students they want to talk about three advantages of the prototype that is introduced as a design solution to their challenge then they can use of the text. So >> along the you know that dialogue so those you know text can slide into the video. So that's make it more in interactive or it could be an image representing that advantages or something like that. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So for example, I just copy paste it the same. So test one, test, you know, I'm just going to do like two for example, test three, test three. I'm just there. So, for example, I want to show test one first and then I want to show test two and then I want to show test three and then have them all together in sort of the same scene. So, test three, I'm going to select it and I'm going to make sure that it's not the start because I don't want it to appear until later. Test two, I'm going to make it appear like in the middle. So test one will appear and I'm going to make this yellow because so just stands out a little bit. And I'm going to make it fade in like that. So you can talk about test one and then we can talk about test two. So have that fade into just like that. And I'm pressing space bar to play, but you can also use the play button on the left like that. And then test two that you're talking about. And then test three. And you can mess around with the timing. Obviously, it's not perfect right now. , like that. And I want it to fade in. And while I'm talking about test three, I kind of want it to wiggle around a little bit. So, so talking about your first prototype, your second prototype, your third prototype. That's that's how that's that's how you kind of get someone's attention to certain things. For example, now again, you can do this with images as well as well as videos or symbols or anything that you add to your scene, you can add animations to. So yeah, that's what you were asking but I hope >> yeah I just want to just give some options of how we can make it more interactive not overwhelming the video because as about 4 minute video or whatever you're making like 2 minute video or 3 minutes if it's a educational video if it's a competition video if it's your promotional video so I think yeah so Using wisely of the features can give you some advantages to how you can communicate and engage to the audience. >> Exactly. Yeah. You don't want to add say like I added to test three. You don't want to add a wiggle to every single element in your screen. You want to make it impactful where you only want to pull the watchers the viewers's attention to certain things when you're presenting. , yeah. So, obviously don't have two videos like this going at once. It's a bit too much. But, , if you want to replace something like the background, you can just click replace and you can replace it with something else if it's too hectic. , yeah. , did you want me to talk about at all like any of the AI features or not really? Yes, let's go with it. I just want to ask at this point if there is any questions from the audience, please share in the chat. So we try to please >> because I try to come up with some questions so cat can demonstrate what are the features and options. >> But yeah. >> yeah. So I'm just thinking about a video which comes with a title which is coming with a recorded video that they can upload here. How they can add the audio, how they can you know add the m the kind of a music, how they can manage between each recorded video and adjust their time whatever is the rubric or the criteria is suggesting and yeah how we are going to do now. >> So what is the next item >> that you're going to share now is a AI thing. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I'll I'll quickly go over if you go to media and Oh, no. Sorry. Where did it move to? It moved me has moved again. Text to image. Text to image photos. Generate image. Sorry. Yeah. Under media photos, you can generate image from text. So that way you can I guess you can come up with some kind of cool prompts, but you can also support what you're talking about with images without you know spending hours trying to look for something that will help you convey your idea. So for example, if we're talking about say we're talking about clouds for example and you want to generate them at a certain daytime, you know, trying to find a cloud that is a sunset is like you can search it up, but using a generated image using Firefly is quite handy and works really good. So we can use a clouds in a sunset time. So really simple. You can choose the art style as well if you want a graphic, photo, auto or art. So that way you can make your presentation kind of feel you know more artistic in a way rather than having all realistic images. But yeah, that's that's that's all I really wanted to talk about. Just like the generative image option here. As well as some of the other techniques you can use to make them there. Yeah that's that's all I wanted to >> yeah so again just thinking about if this is an again educational video or if it's your you know you talking about the renewable energy. So you want to talk about the trends in future something that is kind of so that's how you come up with the keywords and then this can just suggest kind of artistic you know way of >> presenting that future or that lab or that you know that type of the energy for solar system or something. So yes, you can >> yeah for sure like say you don't want something artistic, you can also do realistic. And if I go solar panels solar panels, why is it let me type? Do I have to close this? >> Maybe you need to delete. Oh, it's not letting you delete. >> It's fine. I'll just make a new one. It's suggesting you're artistic. You're not. Don't go with the >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure why it's letting me type anymore. I don't I don't want to push it too much right now. But yeah, you can type in solar panels for example. You can find a style that you like. Even like say you like sketches. You want your presentation to look more like sketchy and not sketchy but like sketches and drawings. , you can actually upload an image for sketches and it uses that style and , yeah, it matches it to it. I'm not still not sure why I can't can't type on there. Well, yep, it's ever changing Adobe Express. Ever changing ever changing, but yeah. , yeah. Is there any questions that I have missed that I'm going too fast? Cuz I understand Adobe Express is very much like just try have a go at it. The more you do it, the better it'll look at the end. So I would definitely just jump straight into it, get a feel for everything and then you kind of get a hang of it. Yeah. >> you can use AI on text as well, right? Irene is asking in the chat >> on text as well. I'm not sure what that means. You can use AI on text like JBT. Is that what you're asking? Like using AI to generate text. >> they can make it more how to say artistic. Let's say some of the words that you use like flower and then they use flower to make up the word. >> Oh, I see. Yeah, I understand what you mean. Yeah. For something like that I think you can use generate image as well. So you just need to make sure that you say a oh I can type now a text saying the word flower made of flowers. See what it comes up with that. But that's that's how I would generate something like that. The example you gave for example. Let's see what it comes up with. Yeah. See, so it generates a flower image made of flowers and there's multiple different options down here that you can gener that it's generated. So kind of like this one's kind of nice. Yeah. So these will all come with a background. You don't like the background, we can click on it. , and remove background. And let's see how good of a job it does with that. Look at that. Amazing. Now you've got flowers. Flower word made out of flowers. Yep. , yeah, the generate image is quite accurate with what you want. You just need to make sure that you correctly say exactly what you need. So yeah. So just to recap what you cover it's I can see in that toolbar we have a option with the photos that now you're showing then we have a videos and then we have a audio and then in the you know the features that we have except the text and media which you show us >> you also use of the sub add in features. So similar to the one that we use for adding a chart or creating a chart. >> Yeah. So do you mean the charts and grid or add-ons? >> Addon. Yeah. Addons. >> Yeah. Add-ons are external things that you can add on. But I really recommend the charts creator which is free. >> you can add you manually your charts as well as gradients. Gradients are good for backgrounds and the QR code one if you want to generate QR codes. , but yeah, charts and grids is literally just the charts are they're not they're not great. Like they're not you can't change them the way they are. So, I would stay away from these. They're not very good. Mhm. >> the grids, pretty obvious sort of if you have multiple images you want to show off, you can click on one of these and drag them in. Sorry, I did it twice. And it gives you kind of a template of an arrangement of images. And then if you click on one of these images, you can replace it with one of your images, for example. And then it kind of gives you that out that sort of composition already for you ready to go. So yeah. >> All right. So I think that's take us to how to upload this video. Let's say we add all these sections. Now we m it and now we have a 4m minute video and we have trimmed the audio the images we want the title the text that we want. So now we want to upload it. >> So do you do you think that will be uploading this as a YouTube video or a link? , I think we go with the MP4 file >> and then everyone knows how to add that in the YouTube. >> Cool. Cool. Yeah. So, yeah. So, to download your video as a MP4, you just navigate to the top right corner here and make sure that you select let me just download this. Make sure you have MP4 selected here. There are other options however they will not reflect the moving pictures in your in your scene. So you have just have to make sure that you're selecting MP4 the original size which is already given to you. And then you just click download and it will start compiling your video and downloading it. Now it depends on how fast your internet is. I would recommended doing this, you know, with room to spare for time because sometimes it takes a little bit as you can see. It's it's yeah, it's it's slow, but yeah, you can start a new file if you want while you're waiting or you can cancel it if you don't if you don't, you know, feel like you forgot something. , but you can also if you want to show it off to someone before you download it, you can share it with other people as well and they can kind of look at it and say like, "Yeah, that's what I'm looking for. " Or, "No, you can add this and then you can download it. " So, you don't have to go download, upload, download, upload. So, yeah, that saves you a little time. This new feature here is called the view only link which enables people to specifically only look at the video rather than be able to comment or edit which is quite cool. Yeah you just click view only cl link and then create link and it will give you a link to your video. Making sure that now this view only link also lets people see the other pages in your project. So make sure you delete any other pages that you have otherwise they can see that too. But yeah that's that's how you download an MP4 anyway. But the V look is quite handy as well. Yeah. >> Is there any way that it's come because you talk about the YouTube is there any way that can be converted to YouTube from Adobe Express? Yes. So you can pretty sure you can link your YouTube. Unless I'm wrong. No, I don't think I can link. No, you can't link the YouTube. You can link your drive and your one drive, but you can't link your YouTube. I think it's quite good. >> So let's let's just convert it to the MP4 and then from MP4 you can upload it to your YouTube channel and then share your the URL with >> just make sure Yeah. Just make sure it's either public or unlisted otherwise >> people won't be able to see it. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Sounds great. And we are sharp on time. So if there is any question we are happy to you know ask answer that question. Otherwise if you can please cat bring the evaluation QR code. >> We would love to hear how this session was you know useful for you. If you have any suggestion you can you know share your feedback with us. We would love to hear from you. And again if you have an assessment or this is you are creating this for attending into the competition start talking come up with your formula video with an inspiring you know idea of how your video showing in your video in a kind of a storytelling what is the challenge what is the problem that you're trying to dis you know talk about it provide the evidence and can come with a kind of an engaging type of a data and animation not overvoling the audience and use the right language and then that is going to be an entry to my email address and I'm going to write my email address here but you can always search for beta and I think I'm the only beta for now at so and yeah so that is going to >> yeah we are >> we are looking for the evaluation QR code that's why I keep talking so >> just getting in there I think it logged me out so I need to sign back in sorry >> yeah I'm just getting it up now >> yeah so if this is your assessment good luck with your assignment I know that my students in internship you have a assignment that you need to submit in Sunday week 12. If this is a star talking competition, you're welcome to share your video with me on Monday 28th of October. Or if this is your passion generating, I know that hadis you're making a video for students. So you're welcome to use of this and play around and if you have any cat do you know for Saraga students can they have a onetoone online consultation with Adobe coaches >> for startup students >> for Saravak students from Malaysia >> yeah so any Swinburn online and on campus students can book in drop in session so everyone's more than welcome to drop in to book sorry to book an online sessions with us. We do online and in person. Yeah. The I can drop the drop in session link in the chat. Yep, >> that would be good. And yeah, that is the end of this session. I will ask Cat to share I mean yeah I think I'm going to share this video with the edited video with you and if you have if you want to revisit this recorded session you're welcome to use it and all the best for everyone. Thank you so much. >> Thank you for coming guys.