Coral reefs among the most biologically diverse and ecologically important ecosystems on Earth. But they are increasingly threatened by coral bleaching triggered when corals expel their symbiotic algae zusenthely due to heat stress and ocean acidification. Global sea surface temperatures have risen by over 0. 13° per decade since 1901 and may climb another 3 to 4° by 20100 under high emission scenarios. Bleaching has cascading effects, disrupting food webs, reducing biodiversity, and threatening the livelihoods of over 5 million people globally. The main cause is climate change driven by greenhouse gas emissions with landbased pollution atom pressure. Bleaching events are now more frequent and severe. As of April 2024, Noah confirmed the fourth global mass bleaching event with 54% of the world's reefs experiencing bleaching level heat stress slightly down from the record of 56% affected during the 2014 2017 event. Damaged coral reef can be recovered through several method including coral gardening, transplantations and lava seeding. But do you know that probiotic can help us solve this problem? It might seem weird but let me explain. Coral probiotic have been shown to induce coral resistant to stress and diseases which can help mitigate bleaching event in the coral system. One study published in 2019 show significant improvement in coral bleaching when probiotic was introduced. Without probiotic the stressor could induce bleaching with two to three units decrease in coral health chart. However, probiotic could restore reef health with only one replicate showing one unit reduction. You might think that introducing bacteria can be detrimental to the surrounding environment. That was also what I think. But another study in 2024 introduced probiotics into alcohol reef in the Red Sea for 3 month. The microorganism although reduce all the bacterial colony in the coral did not affect the health of the reef. In turn they increase the alpha diversity of the system. So what are the advantages of using coral probiotics? Although some conventional methods such as coral gardening and transplantation can recover and replace damaged reefs, they do not address the root cause of bleaching. While coral probiotic can increase tolerant to stress, providing long-term solution to the problem. In addition, methods such as craft fertilization, gardening and spawning induction require large facility to accommodate the requirement making the use of coral probiotic less expensive. Furthermore, the use of probiotic is more environmental friendly as introduced microorganism are parts of natural microbiome of the coral. This finding can shape our understanding and provide useful solution to recover our coral reefs. Some of the world's most iconic coral reefs, including our own great barrier reef, are on the brink of collapse. Scientists warned that if we continue on our current path, they could be extinct by 2050. That's within our lifetime, within this generation. The clock is ticking, the oceans are warming, and the reefs are waiting for us to decide whether we will be the generation that let them vanish or the one that fought for their survival. Let's not let the reef become a shell of what it was. Let's see the change. Be the change before it all slips beneath the surface. Thanks for watching.