Electricity just like money it makes the world go round. There are many sources from which electricity are produced and these many sources are either renewable energy such as wind energy, solar energy and water energy or non-renewable energy like fossil fuel energy. Now, between these two, we know that non-renewable energy has been a constant in the production of electricity. Most countries like Malaysia depend on fossil fuel energy to help generate electricity. But there are consequences to this. A most notable form of consequence can already be observed in the changes we see occurring in the world today, which is climate change. And what causes this is the release of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas that traps heat in the atmosphere from the usage of fossil fuel energy. I'll give you a rundown of how this happens. Here is Kapar power station, a thermal power station utilizing coal as its primary fuel and gas as a secondary. The first coal fired power plant in the country and the largest. It works with a steam boiler that is fueled by either coal or natural gas producing steam then activating a turbine that drives the alternator to produce electricity. However, the burning of these fuels releases carbon dioxide. Looking at the Earth as a greenhouse, carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere, the Earth's glass roof, causing for the increase in global temperature. NASA reported that the temperature has increased up to 1. 02° C in 2020. It might not seem much, but with the current climate changes occurring in the world today, it is no petty matter. In a developing tropical country like Malaysia where the need for electricity is ever growing as time passes and population increases, it is necessary for the country's electricity suppliers to phase out of using fossil fuels for the sake of decreasing the emission of carbon dioxide. Did you know that Malaysia has a dependency on fossil fuels for the production of electricity with the values being at 90% in 2015? Fossil fuel is bound to run out one way or another. And Malaysia is still getting hotter by the day due to these emissions. And there are still remote areas in Malaysia that depend on portable generators running on fuel just to light up the night. With this knowledge, there have already been endeavors to switch to renewable energies such as dams in Sarawak or hydroelectric power plants. But dams are known to have caused environmental damages constantly receiving backlash from the people and most hydroelectric power plants in Malaysia are still utilizing coal in electricity production. For a country that is strategically located between the oceans, it will be wise for them to utilize ocean thermal energy conversion, also known as OTCH, instead. Let me explain what OTCH is. The ocean is vast and deep, having parts where the sun has never touched before. Techch relies on this needing a heated ocean surface to heat fluids like ammonia that can easily boil at low temperatures to power turbines producing energy after which the heated fluids are cooled by the cold water from the ocean depths and recycled. The best part of it, no carbon dioxide is ever released. Studies show that there is a trough just off the Sabahan coast that goes as deep as 2,900 m with temperatures as low as 4° C deep within and 29°C at the surface. Just this trough alone has the potential of producing up to 50,000 megawatt, which is double the current electricity power capacity in the whole of Malaysia. To put it into perspective, 1 megawatt can supply up to roughly 650 homes. Can you imagine how much more 50,000 can do for a whole country? OTE greatly benefits Malaysia in so many ways. It can easily help the country shift into renewable energy as well as slow down climate change and the everinccreasing global temperatures. This shift can tremendously improve the lives of the citizens as there would not be any worries of where electricity will come from if the natural resources are used up in the nearby future. Stepping into the future where OTCH replaces fossil fuels may just be the step that can bring the country into a new era of renewable energy and cooler days.