# VIDEO: Start Talking Live Showcase 2023 | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

And to start talking 2023. We are so excited. This is the annual event and we would like to you know encourage our students to come and share their passion, their idea around across different disciplines to unpack a challenge hopefully with impact like a social impact to be shared with the broader audience. So we really would like to encourage our students to share their ideas with the community and en you know for some of these global challenges we need an global action. So it would be nice for us to as an educator to provide the opportunity for our students to come along and share the idea. All right. So some housekeeping before we start. So the session is going to be recorded. I have a consent form from all of the finalists because we are going to take a photo at the end as well. So, please type your student ID in the chat. So, we are going to use it. Please turn off your audio video. We will let the finalist to turn on the video and audio once it's needed. And of course we are going to for the better experience you can change the you know your screen into the speaker view. And we are going to we go to the agenda soon. So we have two questions with the slider that Klan is helping me and sharing the outcome with you and we have a fun during the time that our judges are going to make a decision. Let's move on. Before we start, I would like to go with the acknowledgement of the country. On behalf of the people who participate in this event from Australia and Malaysia, I would like to acknowledge the war people and pay my respect to the traditional owner of the land that we are me joining to this meeting. I would like to pay respect to the elders both past and present of the colon nation and extend their respect to other indigenous Australian and Malaysian peasants. All right. So before we start just to emphasize the importance of communication I would like to see if you can test because this slider is going to be tested later for people's choice just to warm up and we would love to hear from you how important is communication for your career. So I'm sure that you are aware of what the employers are looking for and how in kind of a workplace in the real workplace we need this kind of multidisiplinary kind of a conversation. So if you can please use of this QR code and respond to this question. So the answers suggested here is it's vital and I want all the tips and advice I can get or I know I need to develop my communication skills but I haven't really thought about it and the third one I don't think I will need these skills for my career. So I'm sure that we all agree on the response but we would love to hear from you. So maybe I give you know 10 seconds and then I will invite Castlon to share the outcome with us. Three, two, one. All right, Klan, do we have any response? Please share with us. Looking to see if Klan is here and he's ready to share the outcome with us. >> Yes. Yes. I'm I'm trying to figure out the response button. Beautiful. >> We let you to figure out and share the outcome with us. >> Otherwise, I am going to hope that everyone responds and choose number one. >> Yeah. Again, this is a good practice for us because we are using a slider for the audience to use for the people's choice. That is very important for you and for us to explore how we are going to work with this slide. So, Keslan, any success? >> Yes. So because I logged in this morning so it logged me out. >> we and Kelan, you're going to teach us about technology. Okay. I leave that to you because Yeah, we every time we learn new things. Yes, please go ahead. >> Okay, I'm going to share my screen now. This will stop the others. >> >> it will stop. >> Yeah. Can you please just announce it because if you stop sharing? >> Okay, I'll just announce it. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yes, please. >> Well, we have 73% for number one, 27 for number two and none for the third one. >> That is the success. That's what we want to hear. So at least you go with number one or two and you are here to see how our students comes to practice. So every skills including communication skills is coming with the practice. Thank you so much Castlan. We get back to you for the people's choice and that time we are going to share your screen because we want to see who actually got the best the highest point. Thank you so much. So that bring us to the start talking 2023. So this is a competition at Swimburn. We invite all the Swimburn students here in Australia and Malaysia to participate. Is a public speaking competition and this is the live showcase. So what we are going to expect we are going to have the competitors to start sharing their video which is about four minutes that is going to be follow up with 3 minutes Q&A from the judges. We might choose one or up to two question for each com finalist. So that will lead us to the time where we ask our judges to go to the breakout rooms up to 15 minutes to make a decision and then coming back. So meanwhile the judges are in the breakout room. We are going to have a fun activity cahoot questions based on the videos that you watch. So we have a prize for that. So and Kelan is going to share the QR code for the people's choice. So we are going to invite the judge, one of the amazing judges to announce the winner of the start talking 2023 and then we asked Teslan to announce the people's choice. We get the you know a screenshot photo with the smile and that's going to be a memory and that will invite others to join us next year. So with this I would like to introduce my colleague at Swimburn including myself Klan from department who is the department chair of computer science and software engineering from school of science computing and engineering technology and irreging who is the senior lecturer from school of engineering science who's helping me. So we have a vision we want to make the world a better place to live and this is aligned with our vision one of the sustain global sustainable goals with the quality of the education. So our amazing collaborators of course didn't we are with this event the digital literacy program Adobe coaches are on board. Career employability there are on board. So we have some session training for students coming along. Our amazing industry partner A U Insurance Australia group. We have Bondor city council as one of the judges who already shared their feedback and comment with us. We have our Sarak colleagues and more important passionate students. Without you we cannot run this you know this event. So thank you so much everyone and this is our judges for this year. So Virginia who is the chief scientist at Swimburn. We have Nicola who is the manager of wheel academic program at Swimburn. We have Adeline who is a technology leader and mentor and coach from our industry partner I have our colleague from the collaborators from Barono Council who are not here but as I said they already shared their feedback and the score with us and we have six finalists that they are their videos are selected to share in this time. Okay, I'm not going with the people's choice. I'm going to stop sharing at this point because I'm going to ask the first student to share the video with us. Elina, are you ready to share your video with us? >> Okay, >> thank you. Imagine a world where the ser blue oceans team of life are transforming into acidic corrosive cauldrons endangering not only the creatures that call them home but also the delicate balance of our planet's ecosystems. Today we dive deep into the hidden crisis beneath the waves illuminate that has the power to reshape our future. The ocean is vital to human survival, but human activities have been causing harm to it. Increased human activity has resulted in a tremendous amount of carbon dioxide being released into the atmosphere. And the ocean as one of the world's largest carbon sinks will absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and contribute to the issue of ocean acidification. As of now, the average pH of the world's ocean has reportedly dropped from 8. 2 to 8. 1. While you might think that a 0. 1 pH difference is more, it actually corresponds to a 30% increase in acidity. Scientists project that by the end of this century, surface ocean waters could be 150% more acidic than they have been since the industrial revolution. Ocean acidification is especially dangerous for marine calcifiers because these creatures consume carbonate ions to build up their shells. However, the reaction between the absorbed carbon dioxide and water molecules will release hydrogen ions that compete with shells for carbon. Therefore, these scratches will need to spend more energy building their shells, causing them to have less energy fighting food and making them harder to grow and reproduce in smaller size. The fish that die on them will not have enough to eat and will have a harder time surviving, which will eventually indirectly affect the human food web. So what can be done to tackle ocean acidification to deal with the diss of carbon dioxide in the sea water? One possible solution is seaweed farming. Seaweed is a multifactor resource that offers a wide range of benefits is gaining more interest as a solution due to it fast growth rate and low input requirements. They do not take up any space on lands that are delimited and require no fresh water, no fertilizer and no feed. The farming is relatively easy starting with the farmer releasing the spores into a car for them to develop into young seaweed plants in 30 to 60 days. During which the seaweed will attach to the rocks or nets provided by the farmer. Once the young seaweed plants have reached a suitable size, they can be transported to the ocean over a period of 3 to 6 months. The sew grows on these rocks and can be harvested when reaching an appropriate size. A group of scientists from China has proven seed farming to be effective in buffering acidity with sacrina chaponica showing the highest pH increasing ability of up to 0. 1. This is possible because seaweeds absorb carbon dioxide during photosynthesis and incorporate the carbon into their tissues. The carbon is locked out when the seaweed dies and sinks to the ocean floor. Thereby reducing carbon dioxide levels in the water. Seaweed farming could be implemented in Malaysia as it tropical climate of warm waters is suitable for many seaweed species. Also, Malaysia's nutrient-rich coastal water is beneficial for seaweed growth. In addition, Malaysia has a diverse coastline with different types of coastal environments providing various options for seaweed farming sites. Seaweed other than mitigating ocean acidification can also be a nutritious and sustainable food source. Provides shelter and feeding grounds for marine life. Creates economic opportunities for coastal communities and can even be used for bio energy production. While seaw farming offers several benefits for mitigating ocean acidification, it also has limitations and challenges. The main limitation of seaweed farming are its localized impact, building and maintaining markets for sweet products and resource allocation. In summary, seaweed farming is a sustainable and environmentally responsible practice that not only helps sequester carbon, but harnessing the full potential of SE farming could also achieve environmental, economic, and social benefits. Thank you. Thank you. On your audio, play your video for up to 3 minutes. A Q&A from the judges and the judges. We just want to if you have any feedback or comments or question or concern that you would like to ask Elina. >> Hi Elvina, this is Adeline here. Great video. I like that you use a lot of data points in the video but in terms of the cost to implement I guess you know from return on investment and benefits realization just keen to understand in terms of farming seaweed how much that could cost and how long would we get the benefits or the payback periods. The cost actually depends on the location, the scale and the specific se species to be farmed and also the farming method. While the one I mentioned in my presentation is actually the long line system which only require lines for the seaweed to suspend in the ocean. So the cost will be relatively low and compared to other solutions proposed for mitigating this issue and to get back the profit I would say is actually quite fast. They only require over three to six months to grow and be harvested and they can be used for further uses like seaweed based products and also yeah there are quite a lot of uses for the seaweeds. So I would say it's a profitable endeavor. Yeah. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Thank you, Adeline. Yeah, Virginia, >> thank you for the great video. I was wondering about so you're trying to I guess mitigate the effects of the pH rise or change in the ocean. And how much seaweed do you need to grow to be able to do that on a large scale? Actually the seaweed farming the impact is actually localized meaning the although it can effectively affect the acidity is only for the sea water around the seaweed farm. So to have a meaningful impact on the ocean acidification they will need to implement in a massive scale which may require the cooperation among nations to establish and maintain se farms in various ocean regions. >> Yeah. Thank you. Beta, you're on mute. Sorry, I didn't realize. Did I talk all of this time by myself? To myself. Oh, perfect. That's very good. So, all right. So, considering the time I mentioned, I would like to invite the second finalist and we go with the rest of the Q&A and concerns with the second finalist. Leo, could you please share your video? Thank you. The world's population is predicted to grow from 8 billion today to 9. 7 billion in 2050. Population growth is linked with an increase in greenhouse gas emissions to which our planet is experiencing worsening climate impacts now more than ever at an unprecedented rate. Surely there have been many climate change solutions which have been developed over the years with sustainability in mind. But have you ever wondered what your furry companion could do about it? Introducing insect based pet food. Yep, you heard me right. But why do we have to consider this? Did you know that pets consume an estimated of 20% of meat and fish worldwide? The production of dry kibble alone is produced on around 49 million hectares of agricultural land each year, which is almost twice the size of the United Kingdom. Combined with the livestock breeding, annual carbon dioxide emission is linked to an estimate of 106 million tons, not to mention the large amounts of resources required. What's all the buzz about? So the first insectbased pet food was introduced in 2015 in Europe as a noble and sustainable protein source. This concept of incorporating insects into pet diets was inspired by the long history of insects as part of the human diet in some cultures. As opposed to rearing larger bodied livestock, the size of insects allow for less extensive land use muse in the form of vertical farming in which large scale breeding and processing of insects such as the black soldierfly larvi, yellow meal worms and crickets can be done in limited spacing. So what's the significance of this? The estimated carbon dioxide emission 100 grams of meal worms can be up to 14 times less than chicken, pork and beef. Not only that, the insects are fed on organic waste from food for agricultural byproducts which not only act as a waste treatment but also produce bofuels and fertilizers sourced from their food and extremists. You might be wondering is this safe and can my pet actually eat this? Well, insects are highly nutritious and proteinpacked. In fact, they do not differ from the nutritional value of other meat sources such as chicken, beef, pork, and fish. A recent research found that black soldierfly larae can be safely incorporated into the diets of even senior dogs. Moreover, consistent feeding showed lower cholesterol levels in those dogs. Secondly, insect proteins are naturally hypoallergenic, which makes them suitable for those with sensitive skin. To top that off, insects are easily digestible. In fact, nutrients such as proteins and minerals were found to be more digestible from insects and animal proteins. Although insects are highly promising as a sustainable alternative in pet food, further research in aspects such as species quality, potential unknown allergens or hazards, and also the shelf lack of insect products is necessary. All of which still carry uncertainties and act as obstacles to achieving mainstream success in the market among the global pet owner community. All in all, sustainable alternatives should be emphasized and their potential not be overlooked. Most importantly, enough awareness and acceptance from pet owners is crucial so that they can act sustainably and make informed decisions in driving this market. I believe your pets are going to lar this. Thanks for watching. Thank you so much. Now I would like to invite a finalist Leo to turn on your video audio. And I've noticed there is there was a few seconds I think in the video that because I watched this video before and I think there was a difference of the few seconds but anyway I think that was very good. So I would like to ask the judges if they have any comment feedback or suggestion question to share. I'm just wondering with the consumer confidence piece for impact to be felt obviously we need the consumers to be buying the product. Is there research that's going on around consumer confidence in this space especially around you mentioned sort of hazards around unknown allergies and shelf life. Is there ongoing work that's looking at addressing these current issues? Yes, currently there is ongoing research but still quite less. Yeah. >> So you confirm that you have read something in the literature regarding what Nick suggested but still there need to be more a study. So because I don't have pet, I don't see this type of the product on the shelf. So I'm I'm wondering if we have this type of a product commercially available, but that would be I'm going to ask the judges if you have any question and concern, we can accept one more. , I am a pet owner, but I think to Nicholas's point as well, I'm not sure that I am sold yet on the benefits compared to I guess, you know, long-standing dry pet food. So, what would you suggest as potential steps to try and gain some consumer or customer confidence? Well, like I said, awareness and the spreading of awareness is important and also I think this can be linked to like collaborations with like governmental they can do something about it to spread the message and also veterinarians can speak out about it and they can link this to how it's also sustainable. You know because the conditions of it would improve the climate change conditions. Yeah, >> thank you >> Virginia. I've seen your hands but I don't know if you have any Yeah, we can move. All right. So considering the time again we are going to invite the third finalist who is in my list link to share your video please. Okay. Water, one of the most important natural resources on Earth, has been long polluted by microplastics. By 2050, it's estimated that 2. 5 million tons of microplastic will accumulate on the surface of the ocean. Due to the size of the microplastic that's equivalent to a grain of rice can go unnoticeable by the naked eye as humans tend to focus on larger waste such as plastic bottles and plastic bags. Hey everyone, my name is Lynn and today I'll be talking about the use of biochar in mitigating microplastic pollution. Due to the pandemic, COVID 19 waste such as disposable gloves, face masks, and syringes have been one of the causes of the increase in microplastic pollution. This is because of the single-use policy and the irresponsible disposal into the river, which then travels to the ocean. Before talking about the solution to microplastic pollution, let's take a closer look on how COVID 19 waste can turn into microplastics. The exposure of the COVID 19 waste to the UV radiation from the sun can cause the waste to disintegrate into smaller pieces over a period of time which then forms into microplastics that are small enough to be ingested by the aquatic life. Therefore, microplastics can be ingested by humans through the fishing of aquatic life as food products. The consumption of food products that contain or have been affected by microplastics can travel to the brain, to the lungs, stomach, liver, and even cause further damage to the cells in our bodies. Not only that, microplastics can also affect the livelihood of aotic plants as it blocks the surface of the plant and preventing them from carrying out photosynthesis. Now, let's dive into the solution of microplastic pollution, which is biochar. So biochar is a biiobased absorbent which is a form of charcoal that is rich in carbon and has a high porocity. So biochar can be produced through slow pyrolysis where the biomass feed stock such as crop residue animal waste wood chips that can be heated in the machine under temperatures between 500 to 800° C to produce biochar. But what if I told you that you can produce your own biochar in the backyard with just a double barrel retort. So the feed stock is placed in a smaller barrel which is then heated in a larger barrel by using wood as your fuel. The two main factors affecting the ability of biochar in mitigating microplastic pollution is the temperature and the feed stocks. So a higher temperature increases the porosity and the stability of biochar. Whereas the type of feed stock affects the porosity and the surface area of the feed stock. One of the ways to utilize the biochar produced is by using it as a layer in the water filtration system. This is because the porosity of biochar can trap the microplastic particles. One of the ideas to reduce microplastic pollution in the sea is by placing a boy like water filtration system that is powered by a solar energy. The proposal of using solar energy to power the boy like water filtration system is because the sea receives an abundant amount of sunlight throughout the day. Thank you so much, Lane. Now we are open to a short Q&A again sharing a comment or questions for Lane and Lane if you can please. Yeah. So do we have any question or concern to be shared with lean >> Virginia? >> Similar to the seaweed question. So how many biochar boys do you need to make a difference in the ocean? So I believe instead of trying to gather all the microplastic in the ocean, maybe we could start from the source such as the river or the rivers which is a smaller. So you don't need too much because these are like we are talking about microplastics that are everywhere. So I guess yeah that would be a good question. How much still that is a concern. How much do you know if we have some scale to compare that would be interesting. And I was also wondering I cut out a little bit so I might have missed something but I was also wondering that presentation included the ability to make our own at home I believe using a specific system >> and then once we've made it where would we what would we do with our own char I guess is my question. So I believe you can place it in your drainage system like in the net. >> Okay. Right. Thank you. >> That was a good question. Yeah, because we hear like how you we can make it but we didn't know how we are going to use it as a household. Yeah, that was a good question. All right, so we are going ahead. This is something with this video students they're sharing their idea. It doesn't mean that it's going to solve the problem. It's just initiate something for us to reflect something for us to start searching and of course for students to you know invest their time if this is something that you are passionate about. So you are going ahead and I do understand that you might be in the second year of your study. Majority of you maybe in the third year but yeah good initiatives good ideas thank you so much Lane so this bring us to the next finalist Jean if you can please share your video That's the industrial revolution. The world has become increasingly carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions have been rising sharply year after year. But how did carbon dioxide affect the change? We know that carbon dioxide and greenhouse gases are like a blanket trapping the heat from exiting our earth. According to the data collected by the >> Jean, I have to stop you because we cannot hear the sound of your video. Can you please increase the sound and start again? Thank you. Everything was fine but the sound was needs to be increased. Now we don't have even Jane in the room. Now we have good since the industrial revolution the world has become increasingly carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions have been rising sharply year after year. But how did carbon dioxide affect environmental change? We know that carbon dioxide and greenhouse gases are like a blanket trapping the from exiting our earth. According to the data collected by Bloomberg from NOA, the global temperature average has increased by 0. 82° C when compared to the 20 century average and it will keep increasing as the emissions of carbon dioxide are not slowing down. Therefore, removing excessive carbon dioxide from the atmosphere is crucial. Moreover, as our earth is made up of 70% sea and 30% land, an idea to decrease the concentration of carbon dioxide from the sea has approached. But it sounds impossible to remove such an amount of carbon dioxide from the sea, right? So instead of removing them, we can store them up first to prevent the greenhouse effect from increasing rapidly. Recently a group of brilliant people took the idea of farming se to capture carbon dioxide and lock it under the ocean. But why see it instead of other plants? First caps are strong in storing carbon dioxide. They can put down 1 billion to 10 billion tons of carbon dioxide per year. While for comparison, six major trees can store about one tons of carbon dioxide per year. This is how works. They harvest the seaweeds and store carbon dioxide. When the waves come true, certain cap species with nonboyant will sink and degrade under the sea deep sea. Ocean circulation models show that carbon may stay a very long period of time when it reaches a certain depth of the oceans as bringing deep waters to the top takes a long time. For instance, insignificance process of the North Pacific took more than 750 years to bring water below 2,100 m back to the top. In conclusion, if seaweeds can be farmed on large scale, they may be the savior for humans in decreasing the atmosphere's carbon dioxide. But at the same time, humans should stop over relying on nonrenewable energy and more rely on renewable energy to really stop the greenhouse effect. Thank you. All right. Thank you so much. So that was the second video on the topic using the seaweeds. Seems that is the same passion as Elina in the beginning. All right, Jean, your video was a bit with a very you know, we try to listen to your sounds in the video, but I guess this is open to the judges if you have any comment or concern or question to share with you. >> I think the sound that I recorded is a little bit so small to hear. So maybe that's what I need to do better next time. >> That's okay. Yeah. Thank you, Regina. >> So you talked in the video and I mean it was good you had the subtitles. I guess you've added that because of the sound. So the that you talked about atmospheric CO2 and CO2 in the ocean. , are you suggesting that the seaweed will have an effect on atmospheric CO2 or only ocean CO2? It wasn't I found that was a little confused at the end there. >> , it's actually absorbing the atmospheric CO2 and locked it under the deep sea. So, it's a little bit different from the first video that Alina shares with absorbing the carbon dioxide in the water. Okay. So, it's it's taking it from the atmosphere directly. >> Yeah. >> Interesting. >> Thanks. >> Thank you, Virginia. Any other concern question from the judges? Otherwise, we can move to the next video. All right. Jane, thank you so much for sharing the importance of the seaweeds. We are going to investigate for them and we are going to learn. Thanks for sharing with us. , now I would like to invite our next finalist and help me if I'm pronouncing your name correctly. So, Rizwana is that >> did I correct? Did I pronounce >> all right? So, thank you so much. So, can you please share your video please? We are constantly draw the latest and greatest tech innovations. From smartphones to intelligent kitchen appliances, it appears we're captivated by the appeal of the latest innovations. However, every coin has two sides. We often don't realize how our fascination with new technology is contributing to a growing problem. Electronic waste or e-waste. As we keep upgrading and replacing our gadgets, e-waste piles up like there is no tomorrow. But there is a tomorrow and we need to make it a better one. Now let's delve into the world of electronic waste or e-waste and understand why it's an escalating concern. E-waste refers to discarded electronic devices like smartphones, laptops, and household appliances. Computers and mobile phones are particularly abundant due to their short lifespans. Improper disposal of electronic materials releases pollutants into the environment contaminating soil and water and at the same time triggering numerous health hazards such as kidney damage, respiratory illnesses, and even neurological disorders. As of 21st November 2022, the United Nations Environment Program and its partners reported that a staggering 54 million metric tons of electronic waste are generated globally every year. Shockingly, this amount is expected to double by 2050 if we don't take action. An important factor to consider is that e-waste contains valuable resources like gold, silver, iron, cobalt, copper, aluminum, and more. However, instead of utilizing these resources, we often let them go to waste. So, let's explore an innovative solution that could revolutionize the way we manage electronic waste. Deep buttic solvents are environmentally friendly solvents made up of specific combinations of hydrogen bond donors and acceptors, which results in a remarkably low melting point of the resultant composition. What's fascinating is that they're not only liquid at room temperature, but also incredibly versatile and highly effective. Let's take a closer look at how these solvents work. Here in the figure, the waist printed circuit boards go through a mechanical processing step which breaks them down into a fine powder. Then this powder goes through calcination treatment. Think of it as a process that prepares the powder for the next step. Now deepactive solvents entered the process which are made by combining choline chloride with either glycolic acid or oxylic acid. Glycolic and oxylic acids are hydrogen bond donors and choline chloride is a hydrogen bond acceptor. Leotctic solvents have high selectivity towards the metals contained in e-waste. In this case zinc and tin will be dissolved. As a result we end up with two separate solutions. One is rich in zinc and the other in thin. We also get some pure copper oxalate as a bonus. Deep butt solvents can be a potential replacement for traditional methods of metal extraction like smelting, acid leeching and more which can be energy intensive and can release pollutants. Some remarkable advantages of these solvents are that they are cost effective, biodegradable and non-toxic. Moreover, utilizing deep utctic solvents align perfectly with the principles of a circular economy where resources are used efficiently and waste is minimized. Application of this method can turn the global crisis into an opportunity to creating a new era of sustainability. Thank you for watching this video where we have explored the e-waste crisis and a sustainable solution to it. All right, thank you so much. That was an interesting topic on the e-waste. So now we are open to any question or concerns from the panel. Rswana based on the research that you've done do you know how widely used I guess this proposed solution is or is it theoretical only? Yes, DS is a very new topic but yeah the concept of duty solvents was introduced in the 2000s but its application in metal recovery and usage from e-waste has started very recently but until now there has been research going on and application of deputyic solvents in metal recovery until now from the papers that I studied deputic solvents have been successful in extracting lithium and cobalt from batteries also in extracting rare earth rare materials from discarded fluorescent lamps and also from waste printed circuit boards. >> Thank you. >> So it's a new research and we don't have any kind of a startup or any businesses starting on that. So it's in a research process. Yes. I don't know. I just wanted to make sure that this is a this is kind of a topic that it's under research. >> Yes. >> It's not commercial. Okay. >> Sensitive research has still been going on. >> Yeah. All right. >> Okay. So if you don't have any other concern or question to ask from Arizona so we are going ahead I know that the judges are also doing the scoring at the same time because very soon we are going to invite you to the breakout rooms to share your comments and share the feedbacks and come up with the announcement of the winner. Thank you so much Raana. So I'm going to invite the last finalist who is the again I hope that I pronounce your name correctly by Ba. >> Yes Ba. >> Okay good. So I would like to invite you to share your video with us. Thank you. Agriculture, the vessel of life, has played a bivotal role throughout history. For generations, humanity relied on traditional breeding techniques like selective breeding, breathing to improve plant and animal traits, shaping our food supply today. However, these methods were timeconsuming and often yielded sub-optimal results. 1973 marked the turning point with the dawn of GMOs. A breakthrough by American genetist Stanley Cohen along with the American biotechnologist Herbert Ber. Genetic modification or GM is a revolutionary technology that involves inserting DNA into an organism's genome to create an enhanced versions of that particular organism. Yet the war against GMOs began. People had countless questions about this new incomprehensible concept. Would it affect our genes? Could it cause allergies or even cancer? GMOs raised concerns about potential planned hybridization, increased pesticides use, and environmental impacts. While most scientists agreed on their safety, health concerns, particularly allergenicity, and long-term effects remain. Meanwhile, the world is suffering from climate change, natural disasters, pollution, and dwindling resources. Our earth is in peril affecting agriculture. Less land is suitable for crops and food security plumped worldwide. Farmers are facing insurmountable obstacles and world hunger surged. With the global population projected to grow by 2 billion people by 2030, the problem is definitely intensifying. Millions of children are suffering from malnutrition and nearly half of child death were due to hunger related issues. The earth is ailing and so are we. However, there is always hope. In the late 1990s, a Russian scientist introduced golden rice, a true game changer. This unique rice variety contained beta carotin, a precursor to vitamin A, crucial for health. Genetic engineering enabled the transfer of this substance directly into rice grains, preventing immune dysfunction and eyesight in bearing deficiencies. Golden rice was a humanitarian triumph, a true eye opener. Golden rice is just one example of how genetic engineering can transform agriculture. GM crops exhibit traits such as enhanced heat and draw tolerance, superior nutritional profiles, heightened resistance to bests and enhanced photosynthetic efficiency, rendering them pivotal contributors to addressing global food security. While worries remain, it's crucial to base our decisions on the best available scientific evidence and acknowledge the gamechanging potential of genetic engineering to improve global food security and save lives. GM crops may be our beacon of hope for a hunger-free future. I am Bah Abd and this is harvesting hope through GM crops. Thank you. Thank you so much. Appreciate your concern about this global challenge and yeah it was a bit inspiring once you see the kids without food is just get me emotional. Okay, let's move on and if there is any question and concern to be shared with Bajger. So I don't know if Baja you can turn on your audio video so we can see you. Thank you. Yes, Virginia. >> Thank you for a very nice video. I was wondering so you've said that there's a lot of ways that GM crops can help humanity and sort of the focus I guess was on hunger but you also talked about nutrition and other things. What do you think is the most important trait that has been bred into GM crops that's going to help in with worldwide hunger and population increase in the world? I think it's resistance to pesticides and hot weathers and drought. You know, climate change is really affecting us and a lot of countries are facing these issues and the crops are dying. So with the world population increasing, we need crops that can tolerate such conditions to feed the world population. >> Thank you. All right. So, if that is about the finalists to share their videos and the judges, I'm sure that there will be more feedbacks that I'm I'm going to collect from all the judges and I'm going to share with you finalists. So, for the next time you want to create your video. But right now I would like to see if my dinner if I am able to create a breakout room and invite the judges to spend up to maybe 10 minutes. I don't know if I can set it set the time, but you're welcome to use of 10 minutes. I think 10 minutes should be enough thinking about the looking at the time and then you're welcome to come back in 10 minutes. So I'm going to create and manually I'm going to assign. Hopefully I'm able to do that. So, Adeline, I see Adeline and I'm going to Where are the other? Sorry, this is me trying to find all the names. All right, so I think I've already So I don't know Virginia Adelain, do you see the breakout room? All right. So that bring us to the action and I need Sam and Castlan to help me. So I am going to share my screen and that would help me to share the QR code for people's choice. Kassan, can you please confirm or Sam can you please confirm that I'm sharing the QR code? >> Yep. >> Yes. >> All right. Good. So I would like to invite everyone to scan this QR code because that will take you to the list of six finalists and if you are here from we would like to hear from the audience who is your selected winner. So definitely that is going to come with a prize. So this is an opportunity for the audience to vote to our finalist and I guess you all did a great job and this is me congratulating to all of the six finalists but please use of this QR code and I will ask Hasslan later to share the outcome with us. All right. So if you I think I'm going to close this slide because I would like to ask Sam to share the cahoot question. So in three seconds still you have chance to scan this QR code and I don't know Kelan can we add this to the chat? I don't know if the QR code can be added into the chat. Otherwise, this is the chance. Three, two, one. Hopefully, I'll let audes access to the list of the finalists. And I would like to ask Sam. Sam, can you please share the code question so we can play some of the questions from the video that we you watch. So, we would like to see if you watch the videos and you have something you learned something. All right, thank you Kelan for sharing this slider in the chat. So now I would like everyone to scan this QR code or add this pin in your the cahoot question in the sorry in the cahoot application then that will take us to the six questions good I see we end already join by the way if you're the finalist joining us and you are going to be the winner. So we are not going to this cahoot is for the audience not the finalist but you're welcome to join and play but the winner is going to be from the audience. So we give you another 5 seconds to join. Again this is for audience. Okay. So I'm going to count down. 5 4 3 2 1. Let us start. Sam. First question. Which seaweed species has the highest pH increasing ability? All right, for members they answer correctly. Let's move on to the next question. In what year was the insect based product introduced in Europe? So, you're looking for a correct and high speed answer. Beautiful. Let's move on to the next question. Eric, you're on the top. So, what is the suitable temperature to produce biochar? We have seen this information in the video. All right. So, we have two members already answer correctly. Thank you, scoreboard. Let's move on to the next question. Why seaweed is better than trees in capturing carbon? Thank you so much. Great job, scoreboard. Let's move on to the next question. According to UNAP, in 2022, how much e-waste is generated globally every year? Thank you. Let's look at the scoreboard. Beautiful. Great. That's the last question. What is golden rice? Quick answer. All right. Now, let's move on to the outcome of this cahoot start talking 2023. So, Eric third place is and now the winner is O. So I just want to make sure if we can capture the screen a screenshot and I'm going to investigate if these three you are not the finalist one of the finalist and if you're the audience please contact me and I'm going to share my email address. So, I just want to confirm in the chat if the I don't know the audience. Oh, is that you confirm that you are one of the audience and not and not the finalist because I cannot recognize. Okay, look, you're the audience. All right, thank you. So, I'm going to share >> Omar. It's Omar. Yeah. >> Okay. I'm going to share my email address. So, we are going to have And are you located in Malaysia, Luke? >> , beta. >> Yes. >> The winner just now O or O, right? Oh, that was >> Oh, it's Omar. Yeah, Omar. >> Oh, sorry. I'm >> Luc is >> Oh, okay. I got confused. Sorry. >> Yeah, they are our students here. Yes. Audience. >> Oh, is was Luke and Om, can you confirm O was number one? Yes, Sam confirmed that O is the winner of Cahoot start talking 2023 and Omar E. Is that Omar? You need to use of my email address and send me an email. And are you located in Malaysia? Yes. Okay. So, we should have a small gift for you. And that's right on time. We just finished the cahoot question. And Kelan, can you confirm that the people's choice slider is happening? It's in progress. >> yes, it's in progress. >> All right. Good. So, first I would like to invite one of our great judges who spend their time with us. I know that you all have a very busy schedule. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much to all the finalists who spend time to create this video behind. I know that you also have a very busy schedule in week I don't know week 10 in Australia. I don't know what 10 which week we are in back in Malaysia but anyway thank you so much everyone. I would like to invite one of the judges to oh week six. Thank you Irene. So, , so Kim, if I can invite one of the judges to give us some general feedback and also announce the winner of Start Talking 2023. >> Who wants to do it? >> Who wants to do it? Virginia, Nick, Adeline. And by the way, Adam made the I don't know if you access to Adam's vote because it was in the online form. Yeah. All right. Good. So, Virginia, are you going to announce the winner of Star Talking? >> Look, I'm happy to do that if you Nicola and Adeline, are you happy for me to go ahead? Yeah, we've had a great discussion behind the scenes there. We all agreed that the six finalists were absolutely fantastic. We were blown away by the videos, the way that everything was put together, the drama, the emotions. We learned a lot. Yeah, it was really fantastic. So, well done everybody. It was really close as well. But we did find a winner and the winner is drum roll it is the grubs up. So we all thought that one so we I think we're all pet owners. We all went, "Wow, never heard of that before. That sounds amazing. " It was really well presented and we came away with brand new knowledge and a problem that we didn't realize that we had and a solution for it as well. And so congratulations to Le. Thank you so much and big congratulations to Leo and Tiffany. I don't know once I watch your video it's written Tiffany. So thank you so much and congratulation again. It's great to see all of these initiative and you know new ideas. That's something that we can reflect and we can start searching. Thank you so much Virginia Nick and Adeline. It's great to have you here in our annual public speaking competition. I wish we you know we invite all of the students and if you're in audience this is something that we do every year. I would love to encourage everyone from different discipline to bring different topic that might be the concern and to be to you know to share with us. All right. So that bring us before we go and ask everyone please be ready. We are going to take a screenshot photo. Okay. So but first I need to ask Kaslan to announce the people's choice. So everyone stay tuned. We are going to ask you to turn on your video for the screenshot. Kaslan please let us know what is happening in the people's choice. Okay. So, in terms of the people's choice, I've stopped the poll and then let's see what's the result. Just loading and a bit slow. >> Yeah. >> All right. Okay. In terms of the poll results, it is showing us it's a tie. Oh, no, no, no. It's not a tie. Do I need to share the screen or do I just announce it? >> we just announce it. >> We announce you announce it. >> All right, I'll announce it. Okay. All right. So for the people's choice the winner with the most number of votes would be is harvesting hope through GM crops. >> Yes, congratulation. So it's great. So thank you so much. Now with these winners the people's choice and the judges choice I would like to invite everyone to turn on your video and I would like to invite you all for a few moment to smile because you all are winner and I think you spending your time for the judges for the collaborators who assist us in you know making this event happen.