# VIDEO: Workshop 1: Professional Networking with Confidence (2022) | CHANNEL: Shaping STEMS Futures  | DATE: 2025-09-24

Good afternoon everyone and welcome to the first workshop and for those students who are in my communication unit welcome to your lecture week two. So I just want to quickly go through the introduction of this event start talking and of course I'm going to introduce our amazing panel member who are coming from different organization to discuss about the future STEM careers or to discuss about the different experiences or tips or opportunities that they are available for you behind the science degree. So I guess I would like to start the before we start I just want you to reflect and we are not going to talk about this poll but I want you to reflect about how do you feel about STEM communication and the importance of networking for your future job. So is that something that is important and you think that is you want to hear about the tips and advice? Do you think that I know I need to do it but I haven't really started yet. So I want you to reflect on that and if you think that I don't think that I will need to network in my career. So maybe we have different responses A B C please skip that and then we you want we are going to ask you at the end of the event. All right so start talking 2022 and this is the first workshop. So before I start I would like to go with the acknowledgement of country. On behalf of those present, I would like to acknowledge the traditional owner of the land on which we now meet. So I pay my respects to their elders, past and presents and emerging. I also pay my respect to all Aboriginal people of Australia and Malaysia. I know that our Malaysia Sowak students and I can see Irene. So I would like to welcome you and I hope the path towards reconciliation and to be shared and embarrassed. So with this acknowledgment of country I go ahead with what we are planning to do today. So again my name is beta and I am leading the shaping stem futures program which is a start talking is one of the competition that we are running and with me we have Sam. So Sam is a PhD student at Swimburn. She is a science active science communicator and she's the co-host of today's event and she's going to collect all of your questions that you would like to share with us and ask from the panel member in the chat room. So we are communicating through the you know events with Sam and we are hoping to have a very interactive session. So, and of course, this is our amazing STEM stakeholder panel. We have Dembi from and she's going to act as a journalist. We have Fergus. He's going to act as an you know the in represents entrepreneur. We have Andrew. I know that you join University of Melbourne, but still you are nominating the government because you work with nomin. And I think we have Sadia who is representing the indigenous community. We have Omar who is going to represent industry and we have Rob from employability. Anyway after I finish this intro they are going to be invited to introduce themselves and you are going to hear from them. The point is they are coming from different organizations. Second session is going to be the professional networking with confidence and of course this is the summary of the overview of a start talking. Again this is the first workshop where we are going to have a professional networking with the confidence and a workshop and then the second workshop is going to be storytelling video with Adobe rush. Of course we are using of Adobe application as an option to create 4minut video and that is the 4m minute video of your STEM idea or STEM passion with the social impact. Of course, there are some judging judges you know the judging panel are going to evaluate your you know form minute video and we have a price from judges and from people choice for the Venus at the end of this I think it's going the live showcase is going to be on Thursday 13th of October and we are going to as talk about this. So right now we because I want to invite our judging the panel members to introduce themselves and I can come back with more information about start talking at the end. So I guess now I would like to invite the maybe I start with Dembi to introduce so yourself and I go with all the panel member and I want you to just pitch yourself in do you know one or two minutes talk about what you're doing and you know and then we can come back to the questions. >> Okay thanks Peter. , hi everyone. I am here because I'm a journalist. , and I, so I'm a lecturer in the journalism department here at Swinburn, but prior to my academic career, I was a practicing journalist , mostly for Fairfax. And I used to work on quite a lot of science communication. So I was I'm a video journalist. These days I make documentary films, but when I was in the trenches as a jouro, I worked a lot on explainer videos that worked with researchers to get their the findings of their research out into the public discourse. So I worked with a team of animators and video producers and then we went into universities and grabbed academics who had really interesting research and turned their stories into news. So I have a I guess quite a breadth of experience as a science communicator and I think that's one of the reasons that VA invited me to join this panel. I'm really excited to see what you all do with this project. >> Thank you so much Dani. Now I would like to invite Sadia to introduce herself. >> good evening, good morning all. Before I begin, I would also like to acknowledge traditional owners. For me, it's the Dakota and Aujawi people, of I'm actually at the University of Minnesota right now, so it's very early morning for me, but very privileged and proud to be able to be working on their land right now. I am a Warajger scholar, so my community is from the middle of like central New South Wales. I'm the academic director indigenous research and a senior abstana research fellow within the mandani tumbodol center at swinburn. I chair the indigenous research committee at Swinburn and I'm the president-elect of the national aberinal and touristra islander higher education consortium. So we're the main consultative body for ainal people working in higher education. So we talk to the federal department of education and training and we also work really closely with universities Australia. , so my job really consists of creating those really important relationships within the university. I wrote the indigenous research strategy here at Swinburn and so it's really making sure that we're embedding that across the institution and ensuring that our practice is as ethical as can be that we're creating really genuine partnerships with ainal trana communities that we work with whether it's undergraduate placements post-graduate research or research more high intense research that our researchers do such as ARC or MAH MRC grants within my role I sit on the well I myself have been appointed to the Australian to the Australian Research Council's College of Experts. So this year I assessed a number of DECA grants and that was really exciting to see all the amazing research done by our early career researchers and so yeah basically a lot of what I do is facilitating that journey. I speak at science meet parliament which was really cool this year and just making sure that we really are creating those awesome partnerships and doing really impactful good work with our communities. Thank you so much Sadia for joining us. And I would like now to invite Omar to introduce himself. >> Hi everyone. My name is Omar. I'm a senior consultant in KPMG working on asset management engineering and asset management. So predominantly I work with the health infrastructure sector to help our clients better use their assets and their infrastructure in the health sector. Before this I was a process engineer. So I worked as a pharmaceuticals process engineer and that's my background as a chemical and environmental engineer. So I was looking after the continuous improvement of manufacturing processes on site. Outside of that in line with I guess the theme of networking and communication I'm also the chair of Young Engineers Australia Victoria division. So it's a special interest group under Engineers Australia where we provide networking and networking opportunities and professional development opportunities for young engineers which I assume as part of STEM some of you here might be. And yeah so that's that's me. >> Thank you Omar. And now I would like to invite Andrew to introduce himself. So we have this popular panel discussion and Andrew was one of those who come every year. Thank you so much Andrew. >> thanks for having me bit. This is a fantastic opportunity to talk with people who like me really like STEM. So glad that I can talk to you a little bit and what I want to talk to you about is the role of government as a as a career in STEM. And what I'd like to let you know is that whatever your first job is in STEM it may not be the job you finish up in with STEM. So I worked with the Western Australian government and I worked with the Victorian government for around 20 years and I wor I started off as a researcher in the Western Australian government but I al then found out that research is fantastic but it provides the evidence for policy which is the decision- making instrument. So the people who made decisions were actually in the policy space. So I moved across into the policy space and that was in the field of ecology or and bio security. But then I moved into science more generally and worked with Victoria's lead scientist. So, , the latest things that I've been working on with Victorian lead scientists are things like quantum computing and, , trains and trans in Victoria. And, , what's really exciting about that is it's new, it's innovative, and it's industry facing as well, but it builds on the skills that I have as a STEM practitioner. It's around systems, it's around communication, it's around engagement. So, I can highly recommend the career in government. It's diverse, it's fun. I've never had a boring day in the office or in the field as an ecologist. So definitely can guarantee you a good career in government. >> Thank you so much, Andrew. I guess I want to go with Rob, but I want to check with Sam. Do we have Fergus in our member? Okay. Maybe he we want u we are going to have him later. So Rob, we are going to invite you to introduce yourself. Then I'm going to start asking those questions from the panel member pro please from the students. If you have any question write it down be ready to write it down in the chat and Sam is going to share with the panel member now. Here we go. So Rob, >> yeah, thanks Peter. Well, hello everybody. I'm I'm Rob Vegan. I'm the team leader of the career services area at Swinburn, but I'm actually started my career with a with a STEM degree. I did I did electrical engineering way back in the day at Melbourne University. And I worked for a number of years with what was telecom that became Telra. I then I really thought I don't really want to work so much with the technical side. So I ended up going back and doing a dip head and becoming a secondary teacher. So I taught mathematics and physics for quite a few years. And I got interested in the career side of things as well. Having done some further study I end up I ended up moving into the tertiary sector. So I'm now working at Swinburn. Been here for five years and as part of my role in the careers team as the team leader I'm actually I have my I guess portfolio is the science area. So I'm really interested in careers in STEM and science generally. So it's really I'm really pleased to be here today with this great panel. Thanks Peter. >> Thank you Rob. Thank you so much panel. So I guess I just want to start with the same question that I wanted the p you know the audience of this meeting to start reflecting. So I want to ask all the panel member to consider you are the students go back travel to the you know the time and then go back and imagine of yourself when you were in you know I like a STEM area and as a student and similar to our audience most of our audience there are you know science students or STEM students in their bachelor degree and I want your opinion at that time and now how did you feel about STEM communication or any communication and then the importance of that in the current or your future of your job. So maybe if you can reflect on that. So I start maybe I just start with the first one and you can go ahead with the answers. Omar do you want to start answering that questions because I know that you are graduated recently maybe you can imagine of that time. Yeah so just to understand so you're asking back then what I saw as the importance of STEM communication and sorry what was the second part >> and then how that helps you to bring to your position right now in that organization that you're working or in that role that you're working. >> Yeah absolutely. So I guess when I was in university I understood and there was a lot of emphasis on the fact that as you know STEM students or for myself as a as an engineering student that we need to be able to communicate information to non-technical or just an audience that's not you know very familiar with the content that we're presenting. , and that's something that kind of I guess was one of the challenges that I faced and especially when it comes to I guess more of the public speaking side of things and networking as well. But as I progressed I guess and now that I'm in my professional career as a consultant I see that it's actually really important just because part of my day-to-day job and most of my time is spent in workshops and meetings and presentations with clients and I need to be able to firstly convey the value or the information that I'm trying to present to them in a way that's easily understood and doesn't create you know unnecessary confusions. But at the same time, I need to also be able to listen like most of my job is just listening and understanding and absorbing that information that they're giving me so that I can actually take it away and do something useful with it and be able to give them the value that they're looking for. , so I guess for me it was it's it's not just about being, you know, it's it's one/ird communicating and being able to convey the information, but also two/3s receiving and I guess listening and understanding the information that's also being conveyed to you. , so you can put it in a useful format. >> Thank you so much, Omar. Guess I just want this an option to any panel member who wants to add to what Omar mentioned. So if any of you wants to be volunteer to think of yourself as a student and how the communication helps you to be successful in the job that you have today. >> I might just add to Omar's work because the ability to translate complex information into easily digestible context that the general public would understand is actually quite a useful skill to have. Regardless of whether you're working with a consultancy firm, working at a university, working for government, the ability to translate complex information simply is actually a real talent. , and it's , really important , particularly when you're working with others that don't necessarily have that technical field that you might have. >> Thank you. Andrew, is there any other points that you want to say? Like Debbie, do you want to add anything? Did you did think that you're going to be the journalist and you're going to communicate and communication is going to be your job? >> I did think communication was going to be my job, but not in the sense that it has been. , but just to build on what Omar and Andrew just said. I think , you know, it's so I love that you highlighted listening as one of your key activities, not just one of your key skills, Omar. It's really important to understand information fully before you have a go at communicating it. And then to add to that, I think, you know, from a journalistic lens, it's really hard at the beginning of your career to work out what the most important part was of anything, whether you go to a press conference and you listen for 40 minutes and you have to make a two-minute video or if you're reading a research paper, , or if you're writing the research paper, working out what the headline is going to be and what is the most important, most valuable information for your audience, I think, is very challenging. And I wouldn't expect anyone at an undergraduate level to feel confident that they're doing that well. Like you might actually be doing it well, but you probably it probably feels like I don't know what I'm doing for a long time. It certainly did for me. I think it was about 10 years of doing journalism before I really felt like I had a strong news sense and that I knew what the most important part of a big body of information was to communicate to people. So it's a skill that takes practice. >> Thank you so much. That was very valuable advice and it's good feeling because I know my next question but I don't want to you know I want to make sure that this we have collected all the answers from the panel member before we move to the next question. Sadi, do you want to talk about the communications and of course you're coming from that you know representing the indigenous community how do you know that what is that you know communications and how that is practiced among that community >> definitely so I mean I can't speak from behalf of STEM because I was a journalism student as well so I'm an oral historian but I think that one of the really important things is being able to talk to the people that you are engaging with at a level that everybody's understanding the content. I think free and free and prior informed consent is incredibly important if we're working with a troana communities or any communities. , and I think that if we're using language that's just in our own discipline or within our own area of work, , or within our own university, a lot of other people are not necessarily understanding what that conversation is. And so, it's really important that we are actually having a really broad conversation. I think one of the other things as well is considering the social and human aspects of our work. I think that when we're really disciplinary focused, we tend to kind of remove the human elements and we just talk about what our work is doing and the, you know, the implied impacts of that. And when we're actually talking about all of those other social factors, it not only allows the people that we're looking to work with for them to understand a little bit more, but it also who are reading our work to understand that. So as I said this year I assessed a lot of decas and one of the things we found over and over again so I'm a general assessor so that means I assign the detail assessors so the reviewers and one of the things that we found overlooking that process is there were quite a lot of people that just talked to their discipline but didn't necessarily talk to what that impact is at a greater level and that's so incredibly important and it means that you've actually got more impact because you're showing everybody you're showing everybody what that engagement actually looks like and then you're creating really genuine partnerships with the people that you're working with or with the organizations or other entities that you're looking to work with if you're not looking to work with a particular community. >> Thank you. Just considering the time I just I want to see if Rob has any points, but we have a list of the questions that I'm going to ask everyone. Rob, do you want to >> Yeah, look, just to say thanks for all the things that the other speakers said, just surveys of graduate employers consistently put communication skills as the number one skill that they're after. Doesn't matter what the discipline is. So, it's such an important skill to develop as you go along. And I know when I was an engineering student, my communication skills were not great, but something that I've picked up along the way and improved as I've gone. So yeah, it's extremely important to be able to you can be technically brilliant, but you need to be able to share that with the people around you. So that's such an important skill. >> Thank you, Rob. I really appreciate everyone's point to that question that we ask our audience considering most of our audience, I'm expecting they are in the second year or the third year of their you know, their degree and they are thinking about the future of their job in a STEM area. That's why I think this panel discussion it's important to know beyond your graduation you might ended up being a journalist or working with a different community indigenous community or working with the government or work and you know come up with your stop startup idea. So regardless of where you are going that communication is it seems that it's very important. I guess my next question is again I'm thinking of the students. Okay, I know that the communication is important but I choose science because I want to be quiet and do my job and get a fantastic results. So I guess I want you again to explain what was your you know your journey or how was your unique characteristics? How did you come across this barriers or this challenge to improve? I guess I we hear some of the key words but I guess if you can just give us some tips about your success. Of course you're working in the organization you had different jobs now you're communicating the communication is your job. So how did your just provide some tips for our students so they can consider and I know that Debbie said that it's take about time so but yeah if you can share your experiences that would be great. Andrew do you want to come up with the answer? >> I think time is really important. I think one of the things that with time you build confidence and self-confidence is really important in what you do and you don't necessarily need to be an expert. So there's a you can be a generalist and you can or you can be an expert and there's different areas that you can be expert in. So communication is one that cuts across multiple disciplines. So a lot of the work that I do and have done for the last few years is around communication around ideas and concepts and cutting edge technology and what does it mean from an economic development perspective. And that's a long way from you know what does a an animal eat or where does it live but it's all around the communication of complex issues and how does systems work and those types of things. But I think the ability to communicate well and effective is really fundamental to what I do and yeah time it I've learned it over time. I've worked out what I'm good at and I've worked out what I'm not so good at as well. So being self-aware is a key part of that. >> So I guess that's the same question for the panel member. What unique characteristics it's help you to cope with these barriers? Because I know that from students you know experience I hear a lot that this is very challenging for them and they don't know how they should start working on it. So what are the advice or tips that you would like to share with them? >> I guess I might have a go at this. So for me personally one of one of the ways that I've gone about this was participating in extracurriculars. So you don't have to be doing something you know special or getting internships that puts you to make you do that you can also just by doing extracurriculars at university or joining professional associations and going to these networking events is something that's really helped me. So as I was graduating before graduating I was on committees at university for one of the one of the student societies and then as I was graduating and I was having a think you know how am I going to keep doing this in the in the real world when I'm out of university that's when I started to go to some of the networking events with professional associations. , so have a look in your field, see what professional association there is that covers your field and start to go to these networking events because , the way that I worked on it is I just went I was really uncomfortable at first, really out of out of place to be honest. , talking to all these professionals and I'm just a, you know, a student and final year student and don't really have any experience. , but having these convers conversations and putting myself in these situations really helped me develop the confidence to be able to just talk to people and network and in time that's actually helped me as well now as the chair of a committee in a professional association it helped me push it even further and that public speaking aspect to be able to present to you know larger groups of people and stuff. So that's that's personally that's that's my tip that's helped me a lot with building that confidence for to communicate. >> Thank you Omar. So you are telling me I hear like you're telling me providing this opportunity for students to compete that is just an opportunity for students to practice. So I encourage everyone to come and practice in a start talking competition when you are going to come up with four minute video with the social impact of your selected STEM idea. So I think I hear from Amar. So Sadi do you want to join us with this conversation? What is your tip at advice? >> Yeah so I was probably going to talk about a similar thing. So I think volunteering is incredibly helpful. That helps you find your voice. Particularly if you start that process in undergrad. So I did a lot of student volunteering. I was the president of the National Student Association. That kind of stuff allowed me to raise my voice a little bit more I think than it would have otherwise. And we do have our university student societies as well. So I think that's really awesome. And they're also a really good social function as well. Not only allows you to have to broaden your social circles, but also if you're talking to people outside of your discipline, you can start having that conversation about what you do and you really that allows you to be really flexible with your language and broaden how you how you talk about what you do. I think really for me it's also find your passion. So I really had to find my passion in studies. I didn't actually finish high school. , and I started university doing a business degree and found that I was not very good at it. , , so I really had to find what I was passionate about. , and then follow that journey. And so there's some element that you love about what you're studying and that's why you're studying it and why you're seeking a degree in that. And I think it's really important to hold that really close and go, okay, what can I do in this? Can I go out and do you know can I can I join a society like that or is there a volunteer other external volunteering opportunity is there internships I've done a few fellowships so I did a fullbrite so I went to America to an American university those kind of things that allow you to grow your experience in life as well and then see in practical ways how what you're passionate about in your degree can be applied when you've got your degree and you're going off and you're starting your journey post university. Thank you so much Sadia that was very valuable points and I can hear that you're suggesting us to practice and using the resources that is available to you in your community and I guess I would like to hear from Dembi what is your tips what you are suggesting a students to cope with these barriers and >> Sure yeah I think I think everyone else has made amazing points, so I won't talk for very long, but I like to use the learning to drive a car analogy with my students a lot. It's, you know, what you're asking yourself to do at university is learn all this new stuff that you have no experience with and you're an absolute beginner at it. And for most of us, the most recent time we've been an absolute beginner at something before uni is when we learn to drive a car. And no one would have passed their driving exam on the first occasion that they got behind the wheel. It takes practice and being a learner in that space of absolute novice is frustrating. It can be upsetting. It requires a lot of patience. It requires you to accept being bad at something before you can get good at the something. And I think if you can hold that same attitude that you brought to learning to drive a car or whatever was the most recent skill that you acquired from scratch, if you can hold that for yourself throughout your not just your learning journey at university but beyond into your career, then you really set yourself up for the work environment that we're all in now where your learning doesn't stop when you get your degree. We are all constantly having to learn new skills and to work with new technologies that didn't exist 5 years ago. And those of us who thrive and enjoy that challenge of being a novice again have a really inspiring and enjoyable time being constant noviceses at something new. And those of us who really struggle in that environment who are hard on themselves who have negative self-t talk those are the people who really struggle with technology and find themselves sort of tapping out early in their career and going oh I can't do X thing or I can't advance any further because I'm not good at learn this learning new stuff thing. So try and hold dear that part of you that little spark of you that's okay with being bad at something so that you can continually evolve and get good at those things. All right. Thank you so much. Rob, do you want to add anything or I can join to the I can start the next question with you. >> I'll just No, I would just say I see a lot of students and the ones who have really good communication skills inevitably are the ones that have had a customer service type role in some way, shape or form, part-time job, volunteer, whatever. So taking those opportunities to work or volunteer where you're going where you do get to talk to people a lot and you develop those skills and it comes naturally. It's amazing how that you can really see that in a student when you're talking to them if they if they've had that experience. So encourage you to take opportunities and put yourself out there whenever you get a chance to do those sorts of things. >> Thank you Rob. I guess now I want to move to the next question where we are talking about STEM career okay and the requirements of the skills for the future. So of course we are like a panel member the majority like we have our jobs but the students they're looking for the job in future and we have a survey and data that they're reflecting on the future jobs and the required skills. So I guess I want you to you know from your organization from what you experience or you what you read from literature or your experience what are the other skills that you are suggesting and is there any you know again tips or advice to do you know practice or because we just we don't want to just talk about the communication skills I guess I'm talking about the professional skills in general Omar, do you want to answer that question again? >> Yeah, absolutely. , so I guess one of the important professional skills is being able to work with collaboratively with teams and leading others. A lot of time I guess as we work it's we're not we're never rarely will we ever just be working alone technical or not you'll always be part of a team in one way or another and you know when I was in university and doing all these team projects and team assignments and things you know sometimes you know you get really great teams sometimes you get really difficult teams to work with and it just kind of it didn't really makes sense to me at the time. I'm like, if I could just do this on my own and get it done. , but it has really helped me and it's it does really it's something that you're going to face a lot in the future that you just need to be able to work with the teams and work with different types of people to achieve the outcome that you're you're after. So I think that I guess influencing ability is an important skill as well to have. I'm glad that you bring that example because no matter what type of you know assessments we are providing I always try to give an option to the students and bring that kind of different aspects of the assessment to make sure that the students are going to satisfy but sometimes you don't know what is the reason behind this type of assessment and I'm glad that you bring that experience didn't make sense at when you were a student but now at your workplace you find that was useful even it was challenging at the time. So I guess now we just open to adding other panel member to add any other points that Omar started. >> I can give you an example. >> yes. >> So I've recruited a few people in my time and the first thing is the written word and you need to be able to write a compelling case about you and what you offer to the position. And that written word is really important to get you the first through the door before you can have a conversation. But even preceding that is if there's a job that you're interested in, ring the person up, have a conversation with them and so that they know your name. So when your written application comes your name resonates with them. And in an interview practice. So, make sure that you start to articulate the key points that you want to make quite well. And there'll be some standard things like communication skills your work experience and as you enter the workforce, you might not have work experience, but that's not to say that you might not be able to get it through some of the mechanisms that we've heard about. I had a intern and the person was aware of the internship through the university mechanisms and we had a three-month project and this person was communicated very effectively at the at the interview. But she had a clear idea about where she wanted to be heading. But over that three-month internship, she became aware of what government could mean for her. And one of the opportunities and I saw in the chat a question, one of the opportunities was the graduate internship program or the graduate recruitment program that both state and federal government run ran or will run each year. And through persistence and through seeking advice and having good referees that she gained through her internship program, she managed to be recruited into the government recruitment program. KBMG probably has recruitment programs, graduate recruitment programs. And these are fantastic opportunities to expose you to fantastic organizations that may not be in the area that you studied in but will give you the breadth and depth of the organization so you can work out where you want to go and what you want to do. And even if you don't stay in those organizations, those early training bits that you training opportunities that you will get will set you up for the rest of your life. If you look at a lot of career public servants, they've entered through the graduate recruitment programs. So, there's a bit there, but hopefully it's a few tips as well. Thank you Andrew for adding those kind of skills that it can be useful and helpful from your perspective joining government like a writing skills and networking and talking with the people that they might be your you know referee and they know about you. So I guess I just want to find if there is any other points that you want to add to the questions or we can move to I just want Sam. Okay Sadi you want to and Sam if there are any question I want you to share with the panel member after we hear from Sadia. Thank you Sadi. >> Really fast I was just going to say be brave. It's really important. Sometimes we're very shy. I started off very, very shy. And we need to kind of go, why am I here? Let's be brave. Let's communicate. Let's talk to people. Let's network. , and the other thing is do your homework. So, you can really tell when somebody approaches you about a position or an interest and they don't they don't really know your organization very well because they haven't done their homework. So, make sure if you're looking for opportunities that you spend a little bit of time looking at any of the policies of the organization or what the organization really does because that really helps facilitate a conversation and we can really see that very clearly that your interest is at a much deeper level than just oh that looks like a cool place to engage with. >> Great point. Thank you so much then Rob. Do you want to add any point or everything it's covered? Thank you. Sam, do we have any question before I ask the next question? >> yes, we have one question which is specifically for Denbeck. As a journalist, what tips would you give to an aspiring journalist regarding curating their writing style when they're writing for STEM related topics? >> Curating. I'm not quite sure what I mean by the question, but if you just mean selecting which work to put in your portfolio. , yeah. You know what? No, I can't answer that. I just need a bit more clarity. What do you mean by curating your writing style? >> Oh, good. , >> I'm sure the person will post >> Yeah. Yeah. I'm guessing you're still listening, Sasha. , do you want to You're welcome to unmute yourself if you think that would be easier or type in the chat and I'll read it out for you. >> Yeah. Meanwhile, maybe she's going to rewrite and elaborate more on that question. I can bring this question because I'm just considering the time we have less than 10 minutes. So I guess okay discussing about the future job the require skills and talking about reflection on the communication and how actually that brings us to this current job that you are doing in the different organization. I guess there are two questions that I have and you can answer in any order. So first is any opportunities for students and I think Rob is going to answer that question and I want Rob to answer that question first. So any opportunities for students to improve their professional skills and I think let's just start with this and then I go with the next one. >> So opportunities at Swinburn. Oh definitely. So, there's a lot of volunteering opportunities through Swinburn student life and other opportunities that are on our jobs board when employ internships as part of your course which 140hour sort of one day a week for a semester type opportunities. And we've we've got more we've got more internships at the moment than we have students to take them. So there's plenty of opportunities there. And also the other the other thing that Swimburn's really well known for are placements where you can do six months or 12 months paid positions as part of your course. So you not only will graduate with a degree but you'll graduate with a degree plus one year's experience which makes you a very I guess a good prospect for a for a graduate program. In fact probably about 60% of students who do placements end up working for that organization after they graduate or even before. So there's lots of lot lots of opportunities. We also have a lot of events with employers, a lot of a lot of events to help with your networking, all sorts of things and I'll just and in the session that I do afterwards, I'll give you some more information on those. >> Thank you, Rob. So, I guess this is the questions for all of the panel member if they have if they are aware of any opportunities from your organization. So if you can I and I can see Andrew already at a link in the chat. So please all the students you can collect all of this information. If you add your student ID we are going to communicate. I'm going to collect all of the resources and I'm going to share with you in the next email. So yeah, but we are open to any panel member who wants to share the opportunities with the students that they can improve and scaffold their skills for the future job. >> Sure. I'll just put a plug in for the Swinburn standard which is our student news publication. The editor's name is Karina Hente. I will share details in the chat shortly. Please pitch your science stories to the standard. We would love to have more science content published there and you'll get to work with a professional editor who has worked in newsrooms around Australia and will really give you an idea of what it's like to produce work as a science journalist. And for those students who are here from my unit communication for scientists, Dembi is the guest speaker in the lecture week three where we are talking about communicating as a science journalist. So stay tuned. All right. So is there any other point steady? >> Sorry the unmuting and muting gets you every time. , , yeah, no, I completely recommend that. I think the journalism that newspapers and that kind of communication format I think is incredibly amazing. I was the editor of the one of the Monache student newspapers and it was a really great learning experience. , I'd also say conferences, and I know that sounds like, oh, but I haven't I haven't graduated, but the thing is that there's no age limit for conferences. And if you have a really good idea of you've done a group project or you've done your pitch for start talking, you've already got some content and you can actually work together. And if there's a affordable conference just down the road or even if it's free student seminars, you can kind of start that communic process communication process as well. And it's really good for your resume because it sees that you're already starting to engage very early on. The other thing is those scholarship and other opportunities as well. I think that those are fundamental in terms of being able to broaden your understanding or at least broaden your audience. So definitely all of those and I think also, you know, we've got local community radio stations that you can volunteer on. You can actually run community radio stations are absolutely amazing because you can if there's time you can run any kind of any kind of program you want to and it can be in any language you want it to be in and it can be it can really be to what you are really passionate about which is really fantastic. So I think look at those kind of opportunities that you can do with yourself and your colleagues. There's also the conversation. So the conversation we may have all read you can only publish in that if you've got a PhD but that's the lead author. You don't need a PhD if you're not the lead author. So if you're working on a really great group project and your lecturer is really keen about that as well. They can help you publish it and they will be the first author but you would have suddenly you would have gotten your voice in that publication as well. So think about all those different diverse opportunities. Just one more opportunity maybe that I'll I'll just add in there. So this one I guess is a bit more specific or targeted to engineering students. But Young Engineers Australia has just kicked off the national case competition. So it's a great opportunity and you don't have to all be engineers as long as there's someone on the team that can relate to the topic. But the basically it's a great opportunity for you to put a team together and put together a proposal to address an issue. And that'll then be you'll get an opportunity to present that at a national forum and the winning teams can get picked to the climate smart engineering conference. They get to attend that conference and present there as well. So registrations are open right now. So yeah, I'd highly recommend >> I'm going to ask Omar to give me this information and from the other panel member for something that is already shared in the chat and I'm going to share that in the email that is coming to you after the event. Andrew, >> I was just going to say that one of the tools, social media is a really important tool that you should be participating in and social media is used in different ways by different people. Twitter is often used by academics and employee employers to get out immediate information to a particular network. One of the social media platforms that I use quite a bit to find out information and resources is LinkedIn. So LinkedIn has some really nice resources around who's doing what. If you follow the organizations that you're interested in, sometimes they post jobs on there. But they also it'll give you an idea about what the latest trends and opportunities might be. And you can also reach out to the people that post on LinkedIn as well. So if you're after a career with BHP, follow BHP on LinkedIn and there'll be some interesting ideas around what BHP does and whether or not it actually aligns to what you're thinking. KPMG is a good one to follow. , but there's others as well. , Swinburn's a nice one to follow as well. >> Thank you, Andrew. , Sam, did you find out what is that question exactly or did was >> Yes, I can I can clarify on that question. Just before I do that, I wanted to say doing an internship during your undergrad is a great idea. I did one and it was an amazing 12 months. Plus, you get paid if you do one of the paid ones. And for a lot of students, it might be more money you've ever seen in your life. It certainly was for me. And even if you want to follow on into further academic studies rather than going on into employment, I got somebody my industry supervisor from my placement to write one of my reference letters for my PhD application, which was one of the reasons I got a scholarship. So like there's no downside to doing it whatsoever. I just want to say because I did one. I highly recommend. >> and Sam, thank you so much. I forgot that we have a student panel member here and that's Sam who worked actively as a science communicator and she helped me for organizing all of this. So your tips as an student to the students it's a very valuable and strong thank you m thank you Sam that you made that point but yeah that question for them >> yes so the question is about how if you've got any kind of general tips or whatnot for how you make really complex ideas understandable to somebody without that kind of background in that area of journalism. So, somebody who's an aspiring journalist, if you've got any tips for them about how to kind of drill down to the really important points when you're trying to communicate science and how to make that information accessible to people without that science background. >> Sure. Yeah. I think the first thing is don't try and communicate the whole story. If the whole story is complex, you can't boil it down without losing important detail. What you're better off doing is focusing on one area of the story. And with research, it's good to think about who the audience is. Who cares about the research? So if you've discovered an amazing new material you can make a football from, then you want to go to football players or people who watch football and tell them why this new material is amazing, why it affects their life, why they would care about it. So if you start from an audience point of view and don't you don't have to explain to them how the new material is made, what it's made of, you can just start with one point about it that really helps them. And I think looking at the science communication that's happened throughout the pandemic, we've seen a lot of people like their trust in news media has been eroded because journalists have too often tried to give us all of the data and all of the information but boil it down into 25 words or less. And they've lost a lot of nuance and important detail that people then sort of feel like they're getting the wool pulled over their eyes or they don't have enough information to make their own decisions. They feel like they're not being trusted with the full story by the journalists. So, you don't want your audiences in that position. You'd be better off just giving them a little portion of the story that is accurate but is also simple and able to be communicated succinctly. >> Thank you so much Dami. I guess that bring us to the end of this session. I know that we are talking about STEM careers and this is and this is not the this is just the first session. We have another 15 minutes for the second session when Rob is going to explain about the opportunities at Sunburn. So for our students from Saravak and Australia please stay tuned. But before we maybe we I just want to say thank you to all the panel members that make this one hour it's very valuable and we are going to be in contact and if there are any question from students I can collect those data and resources. Okay. Thank you so much panel member. Now we are going to start the second session where Rob is going to talk about the STEM care career and the opportunity at swim. So Dembi, Andrew, Omar, Sadi, I really appreciate your time and hope to be in contact with you and share any questions from the students if there is any. And yeah, thank you so much. So I don't think it's particularly controversial for me to say that science is amazing. From microorganisms to giant galaxies, it encompasses everything in between. And we want you to tell us about it. Open to all undergraduate students, start talking is a great opportunity to practice your communication in a STEM topic of your choice in three specific formats. Whether it's your about your own research or you might have an innovative STEM idea that you think might change the world or you are just passionate about science in general, start talking is a place for you. >> You have 4 minutes to present and if you win, you get 400 bucks. Now, if you want to apply, first you have to submit talking points. That's around 300 words you have to submit. And then if you get through from there, you'll get to go to the grand final. >> As one of your judges, I'll be looking for a science talk that has creativity, that has clarity, and one that connects to me. And now it's your turn to start talking. Thank you Sam for sharing that one minute video. And now we go back to Rob to share the >> we hope. >> Yeah. >> okay share screen >> again. I just want to explain like for those resources that it was shared with our panel member we are going to collect all of those and I'm going to share that with including the slides that Rob is going to share now we are going to share with you thank you >> okay so you can see that all right better excellent so just wanted to talk about networking a little bit so the idea of what is networking and why are we doing it? So, look, the thing about networking and it was really interesting what Omar said about listening it's a two-way process. So, people who are just doing it for themselves will won't ultimately develop good and productive relationships. So, the question is and there's a little cartoon there to look about what some people think about networking, but why would you bother networking? And you've probably sort of heard a bit about it today that it's sort of come through. It's a lifelong career management skill. It's something that you need to you can start while you're still at university and you start building those skills. You can learn about areas that you're interested in and maybe not interested in. And so sometimes, you know, by talking to people in different industries, you think, "Wow, I really want to do that. " And other times you might think, "No, maybe that area is not for me. " You can get important tips from industry professionals. And it's a really important job search tool because it's a bit of a startling fact, but up to 70% of jobs are not filled by advertised positions or if they have been advertised, they're filled by someone who did some networking and got the inside running. So it is such an important skill and I just wanted to talk about a few things that you can do I guess to help you with your networking skills. Okay. Now the first thing to think about is you already have a really good network. You've got lecturers, classmates, peers. The people that you study with your peers can become a very important network as time goes on. So and it's also important to talk to the people in your existing network who may be able to help you as well as start building your network. And interesting that one of the panelists was talking about before that was Andrew about using LinkedIn and I think Sadi was talking about Tik Tok as well. So social networking is a really powerful tool. So we won't really have time to do this activity but you'll see that in your exist there are a lot of people in your existing network. So you've got your family your friends pe people you work with your people in the community people you might play sport with or do other activities people at uni and other people. So, one of the things I challenge you to do is to think about who are the people in your existing network that you people you know already that could help you with your career. And it's really it's really important to start talking to those people now. And often it's not the people that you know the first level connections, it's the second level connections. You might know someone who knows someone and many there's a lot of study been done that those second level connections can be the ones that are really important to you in terms of your career. So look at your existing career and if we had more time I'd get you to think about some people but maybe think even just as we're talking now think about two or three people in your existing network that might be worth having a chat to. Okay. So, in terms of networking, how do you talk to people? Now, there's there's one way you can talk to people. I can say, "Hi, my name's Rob. Here's my resume. Have you got a job? " Now, that can be a very short conversation. But the way that we the way that we suggest you talk to people in terms of networking, the approach is called informational interviewing. Now, in informationational interviewing, what it means is saying to someone, hey, I'm really interested in what you're doing. Would you prepare be prepared to give me 20 minutes of your time to have a bit of a chat about that? And it's a fair it's a really non-threatening approach and a lot of people are really flattered that someone would be interested enough in what they're doing to want to have a chat to them about it. And that's a really important thing for you to do now that you're thinking I might want to work in this or this field or this field is to do a few of these to get a feel for what they're like. And you can ask them questions like what does a typical day look like? What is a what does a typical week look like? What are the good things? What are the challenges? What's been your pathway? Where do you see yourself going in five years time? And then the big question, what should someone like me where I, you know, I'm studying at the moment, what should I be doing to get to where you are? So these are the sort of things that you can be doing and as someone was saying before, do I think Dembi was saying, do a bit of research before you meet up with these people. So, , this is a really important way of, you know, a lot of people don't like going to the cocktail party and the networking event and mixing with people. That's this is one-on-one interview. This is one-on-one networking. It can be really useful. Okay. So, a lot of people say to me, "That sounds great. Who do I do it with? " Well, , you, as I said, start with your, , start with your own network. But there's a tool called LinkedIn and there's a thing on LinkedIn called the alumni tool which is really useful. I'm going to show you how just very briefly how you might use this alumni tool. Now I've taken some screenshots from LinkedIn. If you haven't got a LinkedIn profile, it's like Facebook. You need a profile to be able to access it. So put one together. We've got stuff on our website about how to do that. So you'll see that what I did what you need what you can do is go on to LinkedIn you type in do a search on Swinburn University of Technology and you'll see that there's a page there and you can see the little red arrow. You just click on alumni and lo and behold all of a sudden there's 156,295 I think I did this yesterday or Friday Swinburn alumni on LinkedIn. That's a heck of a lot of people. So what you can do and interestingly enough 131,000 live in Australia, 102,000 live in Melbourne. , but you and for those people in Sarowak, there's 4,869 people in Malaysia who are on LinkedIn who are Swinburn graduates. Interesting. So, you can do a whole lot of you can narrow that down. That's a lot of people. You can do a search on top on a profession, a company, , whatever. Now, I decided I'm interested in astrophysics. I decided to do a search on astrophysics and I found there's 171 people who studied at Swinburn who are working in that field in Australia. 23 of them at Swinburn. So that'll probably be in our in our in our field with Alan Duffy in that area. So you can actually you can actually even narrow that search further and then you can find people that you might connect with. So if you can find someone, I don't know these people, they just came up. You can find someone by doing that search to connect with and then you can send you can connect with them and say, "Hi, you know, if it was me, I'd say, "Hi, my name's Rob. I'm I'm really interested in really interested in the work you're doing. I'm a Swinburn student and I noticed that you are a Swinburn alumni and that's where the connection is. Would you be prepared to give me 20 minutes of your time? " and that's so that's the sort of thing you can do to call anformational interview. It's a networking it's a networking strategy for you to find out more details about the field that you'd like to get in and start building your network. Okay. We won't have time to do this but one of the things that you need to be able to develop for networking is that idea of an elevator pitch. Now, the idea is you get in the you get in an elevator or a lift on the ground floor. You're going to the 20th floor that the other person gets in is someone who might be able to help you with a job or some sort of networking connection. What would you say in the 60 seconds you've got between the ground floor and the 20th floor? So, it's the sort of thing that you can practice. You don't want to be just regurgitating something that's right learned, but you want to have a few key ideas. What would be four or five key things that I would tell someone if they said to me, , tell me a bit about yourself. Okay, so this is this is where it's it's pretty important to have thought this through. It's useful not only in a networking situation but it can it can be you get you've been for an interview and they ask you that question tell me about yourself. So it's a really important to have thought about that and you know you've seen people more and more are doing these me in a minute videos where they do a 60-second video of themselves introducing themselves on their LinkedIn profile or elsewhere. So and the sort of things you might want to talk about, you know, what course you're doing, your achievements, it's really about what would make you stand out. What's what is it about you that might make you different from the next person? And what is it that you're really interested in? So preparing that elevator pitch is a really key thing to do. Okay. And I was going to do a little activity, but we won't we won't have time to do that. So just as a summary in terms of networking strategies, doing those informational interviews is a key strategy. , one of the things you might do is research companies and roles that you're interested in. Make a list. Then you start talking to people. Use your existing network first. And as Omar talked about, he's he's a member of a professional association. If it's engineer, there's science lots of scientific ones, there's engineering ones. Join your professional association as a student member. It's usually a lot cheaper than when you once you're a professional and go to university events and you know talk to people. Using LinkedIn is important that alumni tool I showed you and you're being strategic. Keep a record of the people that you talk to. So remember that many people want to give back and help others and they're often flattered that you would be interested in them. So don't be afraid to ask people. You're not asking them for a job. You're asking them for a bit of information. And as I said before, you know, probably up to 70% of jobs are not advertised or filled. So networking and communication is so important. Okay. So look, how can we help at Swinburn? Well, we've got a career service which is available to you while you're studying and up to one year after you graduate. All of our services are but even after that there's other resources still available. So the way to contact us with any questions we've got ask a question which is swi. Nu askaq. We've got many resources and a jobs board on swin employ. See what else we've got. We've got a whole range of different career events. I think you might have even booked for this event tonight on our on our career events. We actually for those at Hawthorne campus we do have dropins and 12 to1 at the in the in the library at the atrium entrance level two. , but you can also get a 10 minute have a 10-minute or 30 minute appointment online with one of our qualified careers consultants. So, and look, we've got a general swi. Nu/careerhelp. So, look, that's just a bit of a summary of a few tips about networking and also some help that you'll be able to get at Swinburn. As I said, all our all our careers, we're all qualified careers counselors. , and it's all free and we can help you up to one year after you graduate. So, , I think we'll leave it there, Peter, and back to you. >> Thank you. Thank you so much, Rob. I know that this is was very limited time just considering the time. I appreciate that you made it and I apologies to those who are still with us. This is the recording video. The resources including the slides that Rob presented including the video is going to be shared including the so this is the opportunity again this was the first workshop I try with a team who are leading this shaping stem futures which is start talking it's one of the competition we just want to give you the opportunity to do you know to practice your science knowledge come up with some idea and some solution to the real challenge with the social impact and that is going to be in front of the chief scientist at Simburn Virginia it's going to be in front of Alan Duffy and it's going to be in front of the industry partner they're providing the feedback to you and more important that is embedded with emerging leaders program which is part of the Swimburn employability and of course for those who are here from the science u communication for scientists your assessments passing the units it's one criteria of emerging leaders which is carrier development. So you are using these evidences you are we are providing you these services and professional you know helps that hopefully when you graduate you feel confident you have networking you have your LinkedIn profile and you practices through those opportunities for you to feel confident you go to the interview with maybe 100 candidates but you can get a success and that is how we are going to work for you. So I guess I really like to appreciate Sam helping us with this running this and Sam is one of our student at Sunburn. So you can be involved with this volunteerly kind of networking and communications and I really appreciate Irene from Saraveak who invited the Saraveak students to be part of this first workshop. The second workshop is storytelling video production using Adobe Rush by our amazing students Adobe coaches from Adobe team that is going to be 8th of September and our live showcase. If you're interested you create four minute video that is part of your assessment or you are it's not part of your assessment you just do it to practice. So four minute video with the social impact by 10th of October because the live showcase with our amazing judges are on Thursday 13th of October. And again I appreciate everyone for taking your time being part of this panel discussion and first workshop and thank you so much to Rob and we are going to be in contact. Thank you so much.