Burns are skin injuries mainly caused by heat due to flames, chemical contact, etc. Every day over 30,000 people suffer new burns that require medical attention. Around 180,000 mortalities occur in low and middle inome countries whereas non-fatal burns are a leading cause of mobidity. One of the reasons is due to wound coverage. In UK wounds are accountable for 3% of the total health system. Within this figure, wound dressing occupies 15% of the wound treating resources. In Denmark, an average of 3. 53 dressing changes were performed weekly with 23% of wounds having dressing changed daily. Moreover, the patients experience distress and discomfort whenever the dressings are removed and the hospital length of stay which depends on the patients healing rates can induce high treatment costs that can be unaffordable for them. Hence we would like to propose tilapish skin bandaid and innovative wound healing genograph as the current substitute for burn patients. Tilapia fish is a marine species cultivated in most tropical and subtropical countries. The fish skin of this delicacy is an unedible byproduct. This fish skin contains a high level of type one collagen morphologically similar to those in humans. Note that collagen functions to support connective tissue, retain moisture, and most importantly facilitate healing. Based on our research paper, no dressing changes were performed. Not only fish skin has a good adherence that can better prevent wound infection, it can reduce financial cost and raises a longer quality adjusted life year. While in healthc care's perspective, it can shorten nursing time which can in turn increase their productivity especially at moments with limited nursing resources. Nonetheless, only few related and relevant number of studies were done. Further testing and research are needed to guarantee that this biological dressing is safe. In terms of future outlook, the demands of tilapia fish skin bandaid can lead to the expansion of fish farming. A disease outbreak would normally occurs when there are too many cultivated fish. This is something to be considered in future by respective authorities. As an overview, we hope our audience learns something from the video. We hope that you can support this healthcare implementation while feeling less resistant to the fishy appearance of tilapia fish skin band-aid.